The old cupola glinted above the clouds, shone among fir trees, but it took him an hour for the half mile all the way up the hill. As he trailed, the village passed him by, greeted him, asked about his health, but everybody hurried to catch the mass, left him leaning against fences, measuring the road with the walking stick he sculpted. He yearned for the day when the new church would be built—right across the road. Now it rises above the moon: saints in frescoes meet the eye, and only the rain has started to cut through the shingles on the roof of his empty house. The apple trees have taken over the sky, sequestered the gate, sidled over the porch.When I push your button you fly off the handle, old skin and bones, black bat wing. We're alike, you and I. Both of us resemble my mother, so fierce in her advocacy on behalf of the most vulnerable child who'll catch his death in this tempest. Such a headwind! Sometimes it requires all my strength just to end a line. But when the wind is at my back, we're likely to get carried away, and say something we can never retract, something saturated from the ribs down, an old stony word like ruin. You're what roof I have, frail thing, you're my argument against the whole sky. You're the fundamental difference between wet and dry.You are the start of the week or the end of it, and according to The Beatles you creep in like a nun. You're the second full day the kids have been away with their father, the second full day of an empty house. Sunday, I've missed you. I've been sitting in the backyard with a glass of Pinot waiting for your arrival. Did you know the first Sweet 100s are turning red in the garden, but the lettuce has grown too bitter to eat. I am looking up at the bluest sky I have ever seen, cerulean blue, a heaven sky no one would believe I was under. You are my witness. No day is promised. You are absolution. You are my unwritten to-do list, my dishes in the sink, my brownie breakfast, my braless day.Don’t bother the earth spirit who lives here. She is working on a story. It is the oldest story in the world and it is delicate, changing. If she sees you watching she will invite you in for coffee, give you warm bread, and you will be obligated to stay and listen. But this is no ordinary story. You will have to endure earthquakes, lightning, the deaths of all those you love, the most blinding beauty. It’s a story so compelling you may never want to leave; this is how she traps you. See that stone finger over there? That is the only one who ever escaped.She couldn't help but sting my finger, clinging a moment before I flung her to the ground. Her gold is true, not the trick evening light plays on my roses. She curls into herself, stinger twitching, gilt wings folded. Her whole life just a few weeks, and my pain subsided in a moment. In the cold, she hardly had her wits to buzz. No warning from either of us: she sleeping in the richness of those petals, then the hand, my hand, cupping the bloom in devastating force, crushing the petals for the scent. And she mortally threatened, wholly unaware that I do this daily, alone with the gold last light, in what seems to me an act of love.You think we are the pointed argument, the man drunk at the party showing off his gun collection, the bed of nettles.   What we really are is hidden from you: girl weeping in the closet among her stepfather's boots; tuft of rabbit fur caught in barbed wire; body of the baby in the landfill; boy with the shy mouth playing his guitar at the picnic table, out in the dirt yard.   We slide into this world benign and pliable, quills pressed down smooth over back and tail. Only one hour here stiffens the barbs into thousands of quick retorts. Everything this well-guarded remembers being soft once.The fearless blackbirds see me again at the footpath beside the tall grasses sprouting like unruly morning hair. They caw and caw like vulgar boys on street corners making love to girls with their “hey mama this” and their “hey mama that.” But this gang of birds is much too slick. They are my homeys of the air with their mousse-backed hair and Crayola black coats like small fry hoods who smoke and joke about each other’s mothers, virginal sisters, and the sweet arc of revenge. These birds spurn my uneaten celery sticks, feckless gestures, ineffective hosannas. They tag one another, shrill and terrible, caroling each to each my weekly wages. But they let me pass, then flit away. They won’t mess with me this time— they know where I live.Nothing can reach you now, not lead or steel, or what life itself eventually reveals.   No more studies of kindness or courtesy, nor grace or charity, all is needless now.   All is needless now, sky, world, family grieving for their bundles of purity,   now beyond disgrace, failure, winter streets, or whatever attacks, and then retreats.   Classrooms emptied of children’s things, paper and paste, and love’s imaginings,   bundles of peace, Christmas-blessed with the unborn and the dead at rest,   nothing can reach you now, not lead or steel or what life itself eventually reveals.Two sets of family stories, one long and detailed, about many centuries of island ancestors, all living on the same tropical farm... The other side of the family tells stories that are brief and vague, about violence in the Ukraine, which Dad's parents had to flee forever, leaving all their loved ones behind. They don't even know if anyone survived. When Mami tells her flowery tales of Cuba, she fills the twining words with relatives. But when I ask my Ukrainian-Jewish-American grandma about her childhood in a village near snowy Kiev, all she reveals is a single memory of ice-skating on a frozen pond. Apparently, the length of a grown-up's growing-up story is determined by the difference between immigration and escape.Newsmen call it the Cuban Missile Crisis. Teachers say it's the end of the world. At school, they instruct us to look up and watch the Cuban-cursed sky. Search for a streak of light. Listen for a piercing shriek, the whistle that will warn us as poisonous A-bombs zoom close. Hide under a desk. Pretend that furniture is enough to protect us against perilous flames. Radiation. Contamination. Toxic breath. Each air-raid drill is sheer terror, but some of the city kids giggle. They don't believe that death is real. They've never touched a bullet, or seen a vulture, or made music by shaking the jawbone of a mule. When I hide under my frail school desk, my heart grows as rough and brittle as the slab of wood that fails to protect me from reality's gloom.No, I am not deformed. I wear these socks Because I haven't any gloves, And my fingers are bitten with frost. They feel like stumps. Luckily, I finished covering The citrus tree with sheets of burlap. Before darkness, I will light a smudge pot Near the mummified trunk, Then anoint my hands in a blue salve. Yesterday was cold But the freeze is on now. I must remind myself Not to lick any cars. Mr. Nishizawa, a house over, Told me his nephew Lost a fourth of his tongue For that reason. Years ago, The rosebushes were ruined to a freeze And have never come back. If needed, I will stay up all night And pray, will let the hoarfrost Burn in my chest. My grandfather Ate the yield from this tree After he died. I saw him.After Kenji Takezo fell from a wave, The turbulence of whitewash confused His sense of direction. He breathed in When he should have   Held tight. By accident, he swallowed The Pacific. The water poured down his throat, A blue cascade he could not see. He felt in his stomach The heavy life of the ocean.   It wasn’t funny, but he giggled When a school of fish tickled his ribs. He went home, the surf not rideable, It was no longer there, The water weighted in his belly.   That night, while he slept, the tide moved. The long arms of the moon Reached inside him pulling the Pacific free. When he woke the next morning, He lay in a puddle of ocean that was his.Let me be in your service like the others mumbling predictions, mouth dry with jealousy. Parched tongue thirsting, not even for the word— for me the dry air is empty again without you.   I’m not jealous any more but I want you. I carry myself like a victim to the hangman. I will not call you either joy or love. All my own blood is gone. Something strange paces there now. Another moment and I will tell you: it's not joy but torture you give me. I'm drawn to you as to a crime— to your ragged mouth, to the soft bitten cherry. Come back to me, I'm frightened without you. Never had you such power over me as now. Everything I desire appears to me. I'm not jealous any more. I'm calling you.Our lives no longer feel ground under them. At ten paces you can’t hear our words.   But whenever there’s a snatch of talk it turns to the Kremlin mountaineer,   the ten thick worms his fingers, his words like measures of weight,   the huge laughing cockroaches on his top lip, the glitter of his boot-rims.   Ringed with a scum of chicken-necked bosses he toys with the tributes of half-men.   One whistles, another meouws, a third snivels. He pokes out his finger and he alone goes boom.   He forges decrees in a line like horseshoes, One for the groin, one the forehead, temple, eye.   He rolls the executions on his tongue like berries. He wishes he could hug them like big friends from home.In college, people were always breaking up. We broke up in parking lots, beside fountains. Two people broke up across a table from me at the library. I could not sit at that table again though I did not know them. I studied bees, who were able to convey messages through dancing and could find their ways home to their hives even if someone put up a blockade of sheets and boards and wire. Bees had radar in their wings and brains that humans could barely understand. I wrote a paper proclaiming their brilliance and superiority and revised it at a small café featuring wooden hive-shaped honey-dippers in silver honeypots at every table.From the remains of his cremation, the monks recovered   the seat of Thich Quang Duc’s consciousness —   a bloodless protest to awaken the heart of the oppressor   offered at the crossing of Phanh Dinh Phung ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   & Le Van Duyet doused in gasoline & immolated by 4-meter flames the orange-robed   arhat folded in the stillness of full lotus   his body withering his crown blackening   his flesh charring his corpse collapsing   his heart refusing to burn his heart refusing to burn his heart refusing to burnAt Pearl Street station, two brown-skinned men   in painter’s pants stand out in a sea of white   I am just one more face sticking out in a crowd   & it is my privilege   that prevents me from understanding why   the workers want to know how to buy one-way trips   the automated machine sells only one roundtrip fee,   back to where you came from   he isn’t asking me for change says it clear enough so that   there can be no mistakeSí. Yo sé.  But a dollar fifty is a lot of money.For James Kim (1971 — 2006)    it could have happened to any of us   a wrong turn down a logging road tires tunneled into snow   a man’s undying love for his children   moves satellites maps aerial images   eighteen care packages dropped over 16 miles of the Siskiyou,   bearing handwritten notes from a father to his son   the signs you left for those who came after you   a red t-shirt a wool sock, a child’s blue skirt   layers of a life, stripped down to a family’s fate —   the weight of being unseen — to travel a path back to   what you knew at birth, the warmth of being held close   brought homeWe spend the afternoon together watching a docudrama about wild horses that roamed the ancient Arctic Circle. Surprisingly sleek, built for speed and not the weather, they were remarkable for their recklessness. They careen headlong down ice bluffs to fall into a broken heap. We can hear the small, tinny sounds of their terror as they plunge across vast, glowing glacial faces. All of this takes place alongside an abstractly relentless gunmetal sea. I can feel you turn to me, wetness marking the corners of your lips and eyes. I, too, am mesmerized, my vision limited to a sense of motion on the peripheries. Later, I am summoned for an impromptu scan and, miraculously, I pass.I. MORPHO MENELAUS   Foiled acqua- moiré wings the butterfly’s beauty- mark hydraulic in its purposes   his hair’s flame lifts you snarls you   II. MORPHO ACHILLES   Sea-bed in semaphore / an eyepiece ;wing-span delft dye vat-dipped shingle scintilla ;   : ;   truant and acclimate ;enfold or infuriate: ;SOS:Don’t surroundDon’t surroundyourself with yourself   III. MORPHO RHETENOR HELENA   Neon heather sky- lit bluer than moiré:   inseam of street trash ;lush mask-   contour ;soul- strait fungible   as raiment in the crawlspace ;radiating   amatory birds’ egg bulls-eyeSomething I learned about agape when I was young: the Iliad tells us fellow-feeling is finite in communities. Brotherly love becomes a number that has to be divided among persons—so if you’re too kind to others, that might explain your neighbor’s graft. I sometimes wonder if perception is the same; if the quantity of percepts, or our trove of eidetic things, is not limitless but rather constant: the measure, say, of a sunlit field. So if we dip like deep-sea divers to the world, we’ll have to use a purse-seine to sieve our sense impressions. We’re hoarding the image at our peril. That bluest scilla smeared by a finger writing in the grass? Endangered. Poetry’s work is not to ravish, but diminish.If there is a god, let it be the hyena who plunges her mouth into the river after eating our grandfather’s poisoned bait, who, dark with thirst, poisons the river unbeknownst to both of them.   Her ghosts stand in the street where we are called already through “time” out of our houses. She tells her stories. We tell her ours. We all clean our teeth with what is sharp. She asks, Will you add this story to your stories of history & land & peace? Yes, we will add this story. We ask her,Will you add these poems to your repertoire of songsabout hunger & thirst & fur? & she, being wiser than we, says, Yes, I will sing them ifyou grant me your permissionto turn them into poems abouta mercy.Please raise your hand, whomever else of you has been a child, lost, in a market or a mall, without knowing it at first, following a stranger, accidentally thinking he is yours, your family or parent, even grabbing for his hands, even calling the word you said then for “Father,” only to see the face look strangely down, utterly foreign, utterly not the one who loves you, you who are a bird suddenly stunned by the glass partitions of rooms. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; How far the world you knew, & tall, & filled, finally, with strangers.The sound of a guitar drifts through the air. Cupped in my hand, a snowflake quivers lightly. Thick patches of fog draw back to reveal A mountain range, rolling like a melody. I have gathered the inheritance of the four seasons. There is no sign of man in the valley. Picked wild flowers continue to grow, Their flowering is their time of death. Along the path in the primordial wood Green sunlight flows through the slits. A russet hawk interprets into bird cries The mountain's tale of terror. Abruptly I cry out, "Hello, Bai—hua—Mountain." "Hello, my—child," comes the echo From a distant waterfall. It was a wind within a wind, drawing A restless response from the land, I whispered, and the snowflake Drifted from my hand down the abyss.in the end, cold crows piece together the night: a black map I've come home—the way back longer than the wrong road long as a life bring the heart of winter when spring water and horse pills become the words of night when memory barks a rainbow haunts the black market my father's life-spark small as a pea I am his echo turning the corner of encounters a former lover hides in a wind swirling with letters Beijing, let me toast your lamplights let my white hair lead the way through the black map as though a storm were taking you to fly I wait in line until the small window shuts: O the bright moon I go home—reunions are one less fewer than goodbyesSome(where a) woman wears   the face once given. Possessions   scarce we go halves on slant   of eye & span of palm with cousin & other   ghosts. Where is the man with the face lent   mother? Fathers rare; infant found  at Shinkyo police station box—official   shoes careened around fortune of Name  & birth, pin &  note. Elsewhere (Norway, Australia)   another Korean   National bears the imprint   of my din. Cribs, nurse, hands, rice-milk powder, down   & rocked—carefully dated   checks. American/Father   asks Why. We don’t speak. Years   burn to decades, this permanent   occupation.This is you—Titanus giganteus, your maw snapping pencils in half and cutting through human flesh. My encyclopedia chokes on your bulk. My camera, timid, afraid to look, as if you’re naked—not one adult male, but millions. 
  
Few garments sound as fine as flak jacket, the best of the tagmata the thorax, more prime than brains as the body can keep mating, cracking its margins. Your shield like a wing, protects your bulletproof heart from the wind, your right arm black in the cloth of your brothers. Full face visor. Baby gladiator. 
  
Beyond the screen, memorized—jawbone like a scandal reflecting all the thieves and beggars. Insect lord, insect mind. This is my fear. You look like my brother, my son. You could kill me with your looks.after Hokusai and Hiroshige    I dreamt half my life was spent in wonder, and never suspected.   So immersed in the moment I forgot I was ever there.   Red-tailed hawk turning resistance into ecstasy.   The patrolmen joking with the drunk whose butt seemed glued to the sidewalk.   A coral quince blossom in winter, pink as a lover’s present.   And tilting my bamboo umbrella against the warm slant   of rain, was I not a happy peasant crossing the great bay on a bridge that began   who knows when, and will end who knows when?The number of bodies i have is equal to the number of gurney transfers that are televised.   If we’re all “just human”   then who is responsible?   A fire station drying out from addiction. outside the drizzling of firepower, lowballing suns   it’s like a sauna in here. the strain of a charred bladder. bottled water bad wiring,   that spark is no good come sit with me for a minute. my feet full of diluted axe fluid   thought I heard you say everything is medicine but that’s just hearin what you wanna hearNovember 9, 2016 
University of Notre Dame    minutes felt like hours   "deplorables knocking at your door"   he shouted the day after—“build   the wall— we're building   a wall around your room!"   minutes felt like hours   "cowards!" you managed, catching   a glimpse by cracking your door:   there were three of them scurrying   down the hall, their faces obscured…   your back against the wall, you slid   to the floor— "Hail Mary..." you began   whispering to yourself and back   they came their laughter  louder   minutes felt like hours   and the thumping in your chest— his fist   pounding the door ; ;   for Gregory Jenn ('18)I live with the small shame of not knowing the multiple names for blue to describe the nightsky over New Mexico to describe the light in my lover’s eyes.   It is a small shame that grows.   I live with the small shame which resides in the absences of my speech as I pause to search for the word in Spanish to translate a poem to my Father who sits there waiting who scans my eyes to see what I cannot fully describe who waits for the word from me the word that escapes me in the moment the word I fear has never resided within me.   It is a small shame that grows when indigo and cerulean are merely azul and not añil and cerúleo.Let us praise the immigrant who leaves the tropics and arrives in Chicago in the dead of winter.   Let us praise the immigrant who has never worn coats who must bundle up against an unimaginable cold.   For they will write letters home that speak of it like Norse sagas with claims that if a frigid hell exists the entrance is hidden somewhere in this city.   Let us praise the immigrant who fears the depths of the subway the disappearance of landmarks to guide them through the labyrinth.   Let us praise the immigrant who dreams of the pleasures of sunstroke who wakes each morning to the alien sight of their breath suspended in the cold city air.; ; ;    for those of us who can’t quite quit her    when the poem flirts similes hugging her thighs   like a tight skirt: consider the possibilities.   if the poem follows you home, whiskey   pickling her tongue: make her coffee, black.   if the poem arrives dressed as metaphor,   begging for candy: trick or retreat till the mask falls.   should the poem slink outta panties, stand   naked demanding touch: finger her lines   till her stanzas beg for an encore: come   again, explore, imagine odd positions of sweet revision.   and whenever she whispers,stop: listen and leave her be.There was a bucket, there was a wall, there was a woman and a man.   The woman carried the bucket and the man was the wall. There was no place else to go.   It was a long, long time for there was much to carry and there was much to wall.   There was a path ran straight from the well to the hole in the wall. There was a path ran crooked from the well to the wood.   There was something in the wood bigger than the bucket.   Woe to the man, woe to the wall. Woe to the bucket at the edge of the wood.Near the end of my searching ; ; ; I came to a door.   Entering, I found the story ; ; ; of her life, laid out like a cake   on an ebony table, as if waiting there ; ; ; for the lost bride—pages flat   and placid, blank as a lake ; ; ; asleep in winter. Hoping   for answers, some knowledge of her, ; ; ; perhaps—I’m not sure what—   I placed my palm upon the surface.   It sank through and disappeared ; ; ; beneath a cloud of snowy powder.Mirror, mirror on the wall show me in succession all my faces, that I may view and choose which I would like as true.   Teach me skill to disguise what’s not pleasing to the eyes, with faith, that life obeys the rules, in man or God or football pools.   Always keep me well content to decorate attitude and event so that somehow behind the scene I may believe my actions mean;   that one can exercise control in playing out a chosen role; rub clouded glass and then, at will, write self on it again.   But if, in some unlucky glance, I should glimpse naked circumstance in all its nowhere-going-to, may you crack before I do.All day we packed boxes. We read birth and death certificates. The yellowed telegrams that announced our births, the cards of congratulations and condolences, the deeds and debts, love letters, valentines with a heart ripped out, the obituaries. We opened the divorce decree, a terrible document of division and subtraction. We leafed through scrapbooks: corsages, matchbooks, programs to the ballet, racetrack, theatre—joy and frivolity parceled in one volume— painstakingly arranged, preserved and pasted with crusted glue. We sat in the room in which the beloved had departed. We remembered her yellow hair and her mind free of paradox. We sat together side by side on the empty floor and did not speak. There were no words between us other than the essence of the words from the correspondences, our inheritance—plain speak, bereft of poetry.I'd search for Philippines in History class. The index named one page, moved on to Pierce.The Making of America marched past my enigmatic father's place of birth. The week he died some man we didn't know called up. This is his brother, one more shock,phoning for him. "He died three days ago." The leaden black receiver did not talk. My uncle never gave his name or town, we never heard from him. Was it a dream? The earpiece roar dissolved to crackling sounds, a dial tone erased the Philippines. And yet my world grows huge with maps, crisscrossed, my History alive with all I've lost.Not, in the saying of you, are you said. Baffled and like a root stopped by a stone you turn back questioning the tree you feed. But what the leaves hear is not what the roots ask. Inexhaustibly, being at one time what was to be said and at another time what has been said the saying of you remains the living of you never to be said. But, enduring, you change with the change that changes and yet are not of the changing of any of you. Ever yourself, you are always about to be yourself in something else ever with me.For the earth has spoken, to you, her magma Creole. Full-throated syllables, up- rising from deep down, an honest elocution — rudimentary sound: guttural nouns, forthright, strong, the rumbled conviction of verbs unfettered by reticence as the first poetry of creation. A secret has passed between you so wonderfully terrible, it laid your cities prostrate, raptured your citizenry. Now, we look to your remnant courtesy cable TV and garble theories thinking ourselves saved. Only the wise among us pin our ears to the ground, listening in hope of catching even a half syllable of the language forming like a new world on your tongue.Imaginary book on Imaginary paper in Imaginary hands   Imaginary dance on Imaginary floor in Imaginary lands   Imaginary phone and Imaginary car   Imaginary raising of Imaginary bar   Imaginary kid Imaginary tree Imaginary you makes Imaginary three   Imaginary soul Imaginary death Imaginary line Imaginary breath   Imaginary neighbors with Imaginary friends Imaginary road with Imaginary bends   Imaginary pot Imaginary beer Imaginary death Imaginary fear   Imaginary love that stops you dead Imaginary bullet of Imaginary lead   Imaginary day and Imaginary night Imaginary wind Imaginary kite   Imaginary heat and Imaginary ice Imaginary toppings on Imaginary slice   Imaginary Emerson meet Imaginary Poe Imaginary poet Imaginary crow ;1-9-16Many nights while walking home  after work, from downtown to  an apartment below a market,  I’d think of Alfred Espinas: “We do not get together to die, but to live and to improve life.” Sudden changes of weather and contagious diseases nearly broke the spirits of many friends that winter, but charmingly we made  habits of dancing and sharing meals in our cramped rooms. Our landlords were thieves and our bosses were pessimists, yet we dreamed of a new phase of civilization, one of kindness and goodwill. “We need communes,” Oscar exclaimed. Silvia argued, “But islands are corpses, let’s think instead of syndicates.” Mondays  we’d return to dirty dishes, copy machines, and dull knives, and  we spent the next three centuries doing what we were paid to do.and who are you now ; ; ;in this different blue space without pain    remarking on chemtrails and snowmelt,   misreading the “sea” whose letters cease to arrive ;   remain transfixed in midflight ;  turbulent coasts aloft as a principle of life-- ; ; count invisible clams under nameless sands    cut apostrophes into the air ;announcements  send far-flung greetings to strangers for days ; ;  keep the magma enigma at bay ;   daily joys ; ;    effaced vaporous pale generous smoke rising ;    so cling to the dark hand inside you   its basalt fingers, roundedAs I leave for work she holds out her arms, and I bend to lift her . . . always heavier than I remember, because in my mind she is still that seedling bough I used to cradle in one elbow. Her hug is honest, fierce, forgiving. I think of Oregon's coastal pines, wind-bent even on quiet days; they've grown in ways the Pacific breeze has blown them all their lives. And how will my daughter grow? Last night, I dreamed of a mid-ocean gale, a howl among writhing waterspouts; I don't know what it meant, or if it's still distant, or already here. I know only how I hug my daughter, my arms grown taut with the thought of that wind.The fish are drifting calmly in their tank between the green reeds, lit by a white glow that passes for the sun. Blindly, the blank glass that holds them in displays their slow progress from end to end, familiar rocks set into the gravel, murmuring rows of filters, a universe the flying fox and glass cats, Congo tetras, bristle-nose pleocostemus all take for granted. Yet the platys, gold and red, persist in leaping occasionally, as if they can't quite let alone a possibility—of wings, maybe, once they reach the air? They die on the rug. We find them there, eyes open in surprise.When he called, there were 261 emotions at play. I thought there were only wistfulness, humiliation, and mere bitterness left, but lo, I see now the brilliance in the numbers.  Emotions 75 and 78 made me happy just to know they existed. I felt less alone, more impervious.  I was emboldened by the existence of 152.  Though, how was I supposed to accept 9, 14, and 179? We deserved better, distress and indigence aside.  Something about 260 broke the spell inside me and offered up a tiny shift: I opened my eyes in the fog and tore off the surfaces of 261 and 4 with a great shout.This is a demon that can take a grown brain and squash it to sponge. There is no loving the state of a decrepit mind that encourages a decrepit body. Is he sleeping or just not there? States of awareness flicker inside a gauzy lens. We’ve seen this before—in a film, the man disappearing as he stands right there, his body stolid.   Let’s say this man worked as an Assistant Principal and admired his own IQ. Let’s say this man had a brutish body but was not a brute. All of this becomes portraiture but there can be fractures of truth.  Looking at him you think: Am I in this film or is this a vapory memory?; ; ; ; ;for JA   I flutter in order to enter the phrase’s silver.  Jackdaws have launched nearby this time, silk green and ripped, the movement a kind of chafing thinking.   Oh he’s marking terrain right there— right there with his   unmade song. The shadow kids whip fronds, froth air up into heat, pure and simple   “violence of the eye.” Wild iris ink, wet in the margin’s stage. Well, hadn’t this testament begun   to carry its chime in stripes? That’s when I knew he was going away from me, towards the sound.   Like the ring on the table it can’t be decentered. Rim around the recent.   Ashes, ashes, A bright tangled seeming.Miracle fruit changes the tongue. One bite,  and for hours all you eat is sweet. Placed alone on a saucer, it quivers like it's cold  from the ceramic, even in this Florida heat.  Small as a coffee bean, red as jam— I can't believe. The man who sold it to my father on Interstate 542 had one tooth, one sandal, and called me "Duttah, Duttah." I wanted to ask what is that, but the red buds teased me  into our car and away from his fruit stand. One bite. And if you eat it whole, it softens and swells your teeth like a mouthful of mallow. So how long before you lose a sandal and still walk? How long before you lose the sweetness?falling into unearthed light or something like that is who I was last night. you brought me a drink you didn’t know the name of & told me I could get it. you not the drink which I downed even though it was my 9th of the night the drink not you. dancehall. always dancehall. a manner of movement learned & not easily lost so I wind my hips anyway & something is happening to you. you bout to startsome shit & I say good. not because it would be. I haven’t been touched in a while.don’t start something you can’t finish is maybe the worst advice I’ve ever heard as you drop a handful of my ass thudding down a small flight of stairs. that’s what I am. a small flight of stairs, a small flight, down.…When that joy is gone for good I move the arms beneath the blood.   When my blood is running wild I sew the clothing of a child.   When that child is never born I lean my breast against a thorn.   When the thorn brings no reprieve I rise and live, I rise and live.   When I live from hand to hand Nude in the marketplace I stand.   When I stand and am not sold I build a fire against the cold.   When the cold does not destroy I leap from ambush on my joy…Did your father come home after fighting through the week at work? Did the sweat change to salt in his ears? Was that bitter white   grain the only music he’d hear? Is this why you were quiet when other poets sang of the black man’s beauty? Is this why   you choked on the tonsil of Negro Duty? Were there as many offices for pain as love? Should a black man never be shy?   Was your father a mountain twenty shovels couldn’t bury? Was he a train leaving a lone column of smoke? Was he   a black magnolia singing at your feet? Was he a blackjack smashed against your throat?I close my eyes so that I can see it. What we so freely eliminate. Who is   not guilty of it? We reek of paper. Everywhere we go is paper. Our   hands are stained with paper. Walls. What echoes from our walls.   The sweet whisper of rainforest— even the name makes the sound of   rushing water or perhaps it’s a ghost that haunts us. They say the dead   that did not die a peaceful death are doomed forever to wander the earth.   But perhaps this earth is for them already a cemetery—stacks and   stacks of flesh on a desk. Which one belongs to which tree?   Already, we’ve traded oxygen for so much.Is it you on the other end of the line ; hesitant to speak to me, pausing for a moment to register my hello so you know my number ; stayed the same, my last name remains mine? Though my voice isn’t young as when we last spoke, ; don’t you hear a familiar timbre? Still you hesitate so as not to startle me ; after all this time. Dots string out like an ellipsis in the endless sentence of your absence. ; I hear static-filled ticking, then a friendly stranger mispronounces my name. ; Recognizing a pitch to sell something and feeling foolish, I hang up quickly. ; Won’t you ever break your long silence? Sorrow and anger keep my line open to you.Given over to love, she un-balls the socks,   lets fall debris of days, leaf litter, sand grain,   slub of some sticky substance, picks it all for the sake   of the stainless tub of the gleaming new front loader.   Given over to love long ago, when her own exasperated moan bounced off   the quaint speckled enamel of the top loader   vowing: she'd do this always and well. She fell in love then, she fell in line—   in a march of millions, you pair them, two by two, you marry the socks.What is skin, if not a taut swaddle loosening, body if not a warm swaddle cooling, blood if not thread in a swaddle made of body, horizons if not lines where sky swaddles Earth. See father.Stars, if not swaddled matter emitting light. See spirit.Wind, if it does not trace paths around bodies. See blood.Universe, if not outermost concentric circle. See mother. A kiss, if not mouths pressed into wet twists, taste if not flavor swaddling  tongue, father if not the option to swaddle, spirit if not the smallest unit of the swaddled, mother if not hips swaddling womb. See skin. See body. See wind. See universe. See blood. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;​after Nin AndrewsII.  The first time I had you killed I made you a hero of the Vietnam War.  The third grade social studies textbook said young foreign boys hid grenades  during corner games, seamstresses doubled as spies. Why wouldn't you have died on those streets, clutching my mother's photo with your thumb pressed cold  against her belly, wishing you'd had a chance  to propose, hoping for a girl? But that war ended before I was born. Next, I had a drunk driver end you. Said I visited him in prison to spit in his face. Forgave him for a speech during health class. In eighth grade, I made you die young of natural causes, so I could teach a grieving classmate the proper way to mourn.My doggy ate my essay. He picked up all my mail. He cleaned my dirty closet and dusted with his tail.   He straightened out my posters and swept my wooden floor. My parents almost fainted when he fixed my bedroom door.   I did not try to stop him. He made my windows shine. My room looked like a palace, and my dresser smelled like pine.   He fluffed up every pillow. He folded all my clothes. He even cleaned my fish tank with a toothbrush and a hose.   I thought it was amazing to see him use a broom. I’m glad he ate my essay on “How to Clean My Room.”Recess! Oh, Recess! We love you! You rule! You keep us away from the teachers in school. Your swings are refreshing. Your slides are the best. You give us a break from a really hard test.   Recess! Oh, Recess! We want you to know, you’re sweeter than syrup, you’re special like snow. You don’t assign homework. You make the day fun. You let us play kickball and run in the sun.   Recess! Oh, Recess! You’re first on our list. We’d be in despair if you didn’t exist. We’re happy we have you. You’re awesome and cool. Recess! Oh, Recess! We love you! You rule!Under the roof is the empty room papered in requiem blue.   Partiers crowd the burned kitchen, gold fixtures hook to cheap lath.   What is it they can tell you about absence how it abates, takes names   Becomes a wall with windows faced on a formal garden, content   To accept the thin rain. The syllable forgives the words that need it, a sentence   Badly written, epigraphs scrawled thoughtlessly in books. Book where the hero   confronts a dark riddle, book where the suitors stand at the gate and are stumped.   What force brought them forward stooping at the lintel, up the chipped steps   To the blue door in the unbuilt tower, half-built, the new stone.It was hard to sit there with my father, watching one of my sister's girls playing a set of tennis against my son or daughter because he'd forget himself and with a groan of disappointment or a grunt of sympathetic exertion make it clear that he was rooting for my sister's child and against mine. There was no use calling him on it, because he'd deny it and get angry. So I would get angry but try not to show it, until I couldn't stand it any longer and would get up and walk away. That was how it worked between us, the unspoken building up like thunderheads above the tennis court, where the kids played on, not caring who won and hardly noticing the sky had darkened.I’m your guide here. In the evening-dark morning streets, I point and name. Look, the sycamores, their mottled, paint-by-number bark. Look, the leaves rusting and crisping at the edges. I walk through Schiller Park with you on my chest. Stars smolder well into daylight. Look, the pond, the ducks, the dogs paddling after their prized sticks. Fall is when the only things you know because I’ve named them begin to end. Soon I’ll have another season to offer you: frost soft on the window and a porthole sighed there, ice sleeving the bare gray branches. The first time you see something die, you won’t know it might come back. I’m desperate for you to love the world because I brought you here.my daughter says. Unless the car could float. Unless by car you mean boat. Unless the ocean turned to ice and promised not to crack. Unless Greenland floated over here, having lifted its anchor. Unless we could row our country there. Our whole continent would have to come along, wouldn't it? Unless we cut ourselves free. What kind of saw could we use for that? What kind of oars could deliver one country to another? She asks, Why is Greenland called Greenland if it’s not green? Why is Iceland called Iceland if it’s greener than Greenland? Unless it’s a trick, a lie: the name Greenland is an ad for Greenland. Who would go promised nothing but ice? Who would cut her home to pieces and row away for that?One face looks out from all his canvases, One selfsame figure sits or walks or leans: We found her hidden just behind those screens, That mirror gave back all her loveliness. A queen in opal or in ruby dress, A nameless girl in freshest summer-greens, A saint, an angel — every canvas means The same one meaning, neither more or less. He feeds upon her face by day and night, And she with true kind eyes looks back on him, Fair as the moon and joyful as the light: Not wan with waiting, not with sorrow dim; Not as she is, but was when hope shone bright; Not as she is, but as she fills his dream.Three sang of love together: one with lips    Crimson, with cheeks and bosom in a glow, Flushed to the yellow hair and finger tips;    And one there sang who soft and smooth as snow    Bloomed like a tinted hyacinth at a show; And one was blue with famine after love,    Who like a harpstring snapped rang harsh and low The burden of what those were singing of. One shamed herself in love; one temperately    Grew gross in soulless love, a sluggish wife; One famished died for love. Thus two of three    Took death for love and won him after strife; One droned in sweetness like a fattened bee:    All on the threshold, yet all short of life.It's a weary life, it is, she said: Doubly blank in a woman's lot: I wish and I wish I were a man: Or, better then any being, were not: Were nothing at all in all the world, Not a body and not a soul: Not so much as a grain of dust Or a drop of water from pole to pole. Still the world would wag on the same, Still the seasons go and come: Blossoms bloom as in days of old, Cherries ripen and wild bees hum. None would miss me in all the world, How much less would care or weep: I should be nothing, while all the rest Would wake and weary and fall asleep.She stands as pale as Parian statues stand; Like Cleopatra when she turned at bay, And felt her strength above the Roman sway, And felt the aspic writhing in her hand. Her face is steadfast toward the shadowy land, For dim beyond it looms the light of day; Her feet are steadfast; all the arduous way That foot-track hath not wavered on the sand. She stands there like a beacon thro' the night, A pale clear beacon where the storm-drift is; She stands alone, a wonder deathly white; She stands there patient, nerved with inner might, Indomitable in her feebleness, Her face and will athirst against the light.I’m waiting for a poem, something rough, not elaborate or out of control, something undisturbed by curses, a white raven released from darkness.   Words that come naturally, without aiming at anything, a bullet without a target, warning shots to the sky in newly occupied lands.   A poem that will well up in my chest   and until it arrives I will listen to my children fighting in the next room and cast my gaze down at the table at an empty glass of milk with a trace of white along its rim my throat wrapped in silver a napkin in a napkin ring waiting for late guests to arrive. . . .It is not pain that holds me back, but time With its sad prefigurations and smell,­­­ Its flowers and echoes, rivers and crime. Even now, without a future, I tell Myself lies in future tense. As my hair Thins, I collect combs. When clocks chime, I groan. The falling world finds pleasure in despair Because to suffer means to be alone, And I suffer through all the accidents Of change as though I were settling a score, As if to disinvent what death invents. I once built a castle, now I do chores. To pass the time I rearrange my things. To fall asleep I recite names of kings.I believe that witness is a magnitude of vulnerability. That when I say love what I mean is not a feeling nor promise of a feeling. I believe in attention. My love for you is a monolith of try.   The woman I love pays an inordinate amount of attention to large and small objects. She is not described by anything. Because I could not mean anything else, she knows exactly what I mean.   Once upon a time a line saw itself clear to its end. I have seen the shape of happiness. (y=mx+b) I am holding it. It is your hand.Because the only view we have is the one that looks down on the knees. Praise perspective. Praise shared disdain. Praise space made by connective tissue; the synaptic cleft; elbowroom at the dinner table; polite conversation; lies you push through your teeth. Because dissecting a dog's heart won't change the way it thinks. Praise redirected traffic. Praise the gnarled lip that defends the gentle bones. Because your mother was a seahorse. And to think of her thin is to empty all the ice from the tea glasses; to strain the soup by driving it through your hand. Praise tablecloths; sway-back chairs; the plastic folds that protect slice after slice of cheese.Flaunting in the atrium, ostentatious at the gates I saw a shooting star thru a window on Alcatraz Ave & cladding struck up against those who demand We stomach the stick and tend the commode They're selling trees in the paint store! trees in the paint store Datebook chips in the soft skin of our wrists On NBC, CNN, and NPR broken windows are weeping We'll have 35 apples and shrieking in the thickets Aloft in the air golden and golden the dial among the mounds So much is stunted in understanding of what a light can be They storm the scrimmage line and clear-cut bran and germ We want the petal unto itself, the unalterable vessel The arc end of the precipice grows 1.9% annually What was popular music like before the crisis?Habits accrue in circular pattern and living occasion swollen among what the dead have to teach us   So, ear, be an instrument for thought Tide, bring some little green thing to dust behind my eyes   Touch the hotpoint and drag the tongue over the fat belly of a flapping fish   Sticker book of farm animals Sticker book of ole timey cats What is life and how shall it be governed?   With blind devotion and endurance in the impossible for guts in everything for roots in plain sight   Share a lung Accumulate none Say hello to the crow   There are certain chord progressions one should avoidSound of the rain so I know there's constraint sound of the train so I know commerce has not come to a standstill now they raise the barrier now they set it back in place   What coats the bottom of the surface of the sound when the swifts come in when the clerks come home who will bathe the children who will bake the bread   when the luff is tight when the mainsheet starts the boat underway   whatever you do don't let the tongue slip from its moorings   what's that song? love lift us up where we belong   I ate the pill and the pill was realhow can I tell you baby, oh honey, you'll never know the ride the ride of a lowered chevy slithering through the blue dotted night along Riverside Drive Española   poetry rides the wings of a ’59 Impala yes, it does and it points chrome antennae towards   ’Burque stations rocking oldies Van Morrison brown eyed girls Creedence and a bad moon rising over Chimayo   and I guess it also rides on muddy Subarus tuned into new-age radio on the frigid road to Taos on weekend ski trips   yes, baby you and I are two kinds of wheels on the same road   listen, listen to the lonesome humming of the tracks we leave behind; ; ; ; ; ; lunatuna ; ; ; ; ; ; fluttering below belly pasiones swooping ; ; ; ; ; ; down deep gathering storms ; ; ; ; ; ; treasuring rainergías pacíficas marítimas, montañescas ; ; ; ; ; ; abotona tu vientre, maja easles b ready ; ; ; ; ; ; to capture flight entre tus aguas claras ; ; ; ; ; ; allow flow ; ; ; …reflect… ; ; ; ; ; ; clama la milpa ; ; ; eye your center cherish thigh ; ; ; hug torso ; ; ; ; ; ; b one ; ; ; with duende within ; ; ; discover ; ; ; ; ; ; sun risa raza rojaI don’t mind the ring roads or the strange intersections,   filled in with radio music    tarmac skirting streetlight and ;    the dissolving ; moon.   Wing mirrors tell of running trees.   My heart races in the heave of the wind.   In the pivot of glass everything is so small and manageable.   I think of an old song, of purple cows in far fields,   I wonder what it’d take to cover miles and miles with no maps or destination.   It is not easy anymore   to forget or be free of the bear that roams the place where I come from.I am so done with feeling Xmas Amaryllis grow in places where thralls go free I am not quite enough for the woodland; promoting myself again after all accused men have been named In Casablanca I wait for livestock to come through luxe doors for thighs to grow less through absorption My killer is not going to be invited to this Ornamenting party and I am blue daisies casting O’s wide in anointment Now that he’s gone I am free to torch down the Valley ; ; ; ;    la spiaggia of pure Purple ; ; ; ; ;small neck in handI use a trick to teach students how to avoid passive voice.   Circle the verbs. Imagine inserting “by zombies” after each one.   Have the words been claimed by the flesh-hungry undead? If so, passive voice.   I wonder if these sixth graders will recollect, on summer vacation, as they stretch their legs on the way home from Yellowstone or Yosemite and the byway’s historical marker beckons them to the site of an Indian village—   Where trouble was brewing. Where, after further hostilities, the army was directed to enter.  Where the village was razed after the skirmish occurred. Where most were women and children.   Riveted bramble of passive verbs etched in wood— stripped hands breaking up from the dry ground to pinch the meat of their young red tongues.We were given a curfew on the second day. Clouds filling windows were replaced by soot and ash from the burned out market on the corner. We lost the smell of buttered beetroot, Wissotzky tea and kishke; a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the floorboards. We kept our distance and let it grow in disbelief. Someone said we should kill it before it gets too strong. Hours, maybe even days, went by as we hid waiting for attacks and looting to end. At times, when the door opened, a waft of wind made its way to those unfolding leaves waving like the curtains out of blown out windows.San José, Costa Rica    Tortillas clap against floured palms, steaming bowls of avena, frijoles black as the rumbling sky,arroz con pollo simmers. Against the kitchen   window, small clouds rise. Papá dances to the electric beat of the marimba, his cheek bristly against Mamá’s neck; his thick fingers sift   through her wispy hair. I am nowhere to be found, neither in the foreground nor background. Today I sit in this chair, in the corner of my house, covered with a poncho of blue flowers, looking out at asphalt roads overflowing with rain, fogging the glass. Along the road, steam rises like blotchy fingerprints.Such were they, a dumb stuffed thing to say, if truth is we all grow old un-   observed, limbs flail only halfway up a flight, where does dark begin settling   my little bones. I dream and do love to have them, blue fish   in a lake, my head more tipped up than down under damp earth. Some days others like deer   from the shot, peeled back, how I find trees dressed in wild   green light. The years come, unstitched a face, saddled as one would a heavy beast   for walking. Likely I became then a member of heaven, put up, the years come and reaching   their long wet hands.The sudden pink shape surfacing in black-water lagoons shocked explorers. All dolphins share man’s thumb and fingerbones, but these also wear his flesh. When the river overflows and floods the varzea,  these dolphins travel miles to splash in the shallows amongst buttress-roots of giant rainforest trees. The waters abate, trapping fish, dolphins never.   A lamp burning dolphin oil blinds. At night the pink-flesh contours melt and blur. The flipper extends the hidden hand to lift its woman’s torso to the land. An Eve, born each night from the black Amazon, roams the dark banks for victims to draw to the water and death. Taboo to the Indians, this pink daughter of the river’s magic always looks, to explorers, like she’s smiling.in my house. Days we’re ordinary, affectionate, a close, happy couple, but nights require a passport and serious immunizations, warnings about security and guerilla attacks. You are a foreign ruler, quite possibly benevolent in intention – but we know how these things always play out, don’t we? – with needs alien to and hostile to your citizenry, me, without power except to say, “No more,” and hope to survive the fallout from the battles in the streets. Days, we’re the peaceful, devoted pair all our friends envy. Nights are always tense around the DMZ that is our bed with occasional forays into the bush where the enemy is always lying in wait. Sleep is hard, fearful and troubled. I dream us going down in flames.There's no cause for vanity and none for pride: it's just a matter of assembling words in lines, then dividing them up (or letting them divide themselves), hoping they sound good or bad. (What's important is that they sound like something.) It's all a question of staying alert so that red doesn't bleed into orange or orange into yellow or yellow into silence. There's no cause for rejecting silence and none for accepting it, either. We should speak when there's noth- ing to say and be quiet when others talk. That's the poet's business, so get used to it. There's nothing glorious about it. The future doesn't count for anything and the past just laughs at us. There's no cause for writing this poem and none for deleting it, either.All the kids came rumbling down the wood tenement Shaky stairs, sneakers slapping against the worn Tin tread edges, downhall came Pepo, Chino, Cojo, Curly bursting from the door like shells exploding Singing "I'm a Rican Doodle Dandy" and "What shall We be today, Doctors or Junkies, Soldiers or Winos?"   Pepo put a milk crate on a Spanish Harlem johnny pump And drops opened like paratroopers carrying war news.   Then Urban Renewal attacked the pump, cleared the slums Blamed Puerto Rico and dispersed the Spies, blasting Them into the Army or Anywhere Avenue in the Bronx.   And nobody, but nobody, came back from that summer.   Just as Korea was death in service to the warring Nation The Bronx was death in service to the negligent NationPuerto Rico was created when the pumpkin on top of The turtle burst and its teeming waters poured out With all mankind and beastkind riding on the waves Until the water drained leaving a tropical paradise.   Puerto Rico was stumbled on by lost vampires bearing Crucifix in one hand, arquebus in the other, sucking The veins of land and men, tossing the pulp into the Compost heap which they used as the foundation for Their fortifications and other vainglorious temples.   Puerto Rico was arrested just as it broke out of the Spanish jail and, renamed a trusty, it was put in an American cell. When the prisoner hollered, "Yankee, Go Home," Puerto Rico was referred to the United Nations.   Puerto Rico, to get to paradise now, you have to ride blood.What a surprise it is to hear that locusts come the thirteenth year and not the seventeenth as told for ages and enshrined in old folklore and rhymes and family lies. The species similar otherwise: cicadas books call periodic, found here in our southern district. They grow from eggs pressed into twigs. The nymphs that hatch then start to dig at least ten inches into soil, and live by sucking juicy oil from roots and stems, sweet sap that nourishes through the giant nap, and then the lucky thirteenth year they grow a polished armor and crawl into the summer air and, louder than a Mahler choir, fill meadow, hedge, and orchard grove with necessary calls for love, then leave their eggs to fortune's whim with Philip Glass-like requiem.He brings me chocolate from the Pentagon, dark chocolates shaped like tanks and fighter jets, milk chocolate tomahawks, a bonbon like a kirsch grenade, mint chocolate bayonets. He brings me chocolate ships, a submarine descending in a chocolate sea, a drone unmanned and filled with hazelnut praline. He brings me cocoa powder, like chocolate blown to bits. Or chocolate squares of pepper heat. Or if perhaps we've fought, he brings a box of truffles home, missiles of semisweet dissolving on the tongue. He brings me Glocks and chocolate mines, a tiny transport plane, a bomb that looks delicious in its cellophane.Chemo ; Tarceva ;prayer meditation    affirmation ; Xanax Avastin ;Nebulizer ;Zofran Zoloft ;Vicodin ;notebooks nurses ;oxygen tank ;pastina magical thinking ;PET scans ;movies therapy ;phone calls ;candles acceptance ;denial ;meatloaf doctors ;rosary beads ;sleep Irish soda bread ;internet ;incantations visitors ;sesame oil ;pain patches CAT scans ;massage ;shopping thin sliced Italian bread with melted mozzarella St. Anthony oil ;Lourdes water ;St. Peregrine tea ;spring water ;get well cards relaxation tapes ;recliner ;cooking shows cotton T-shirts ;lawn furniture ;a new baby giving up Paris ;giving up Miami ;charts bargaining ;not bargaining ;connections counting with her ;breathing for her ;willPride and Prejudice ;Downton Abbey ;prayer watching TV ;not watching TV ;prayer prayer ;prayer ;prayer lists ;We start stopping when she’s afraid something bad will happen. Don’t worry, I say, all will be well.   How could she know? She’s never read it, never heard of Elizabeth and Jane, never wanted Mr. Darcy. Like me   she needs to know how things will end. I know Elizabeth will be fine. As I knew, last week, my sister weeping, that Elinor–   sobbing, begging–wouldn’t lose Marianne. It’s Jane Austen! My sister doesn’t know that in Austen nothing really bad happens. I leave her   on the couch with the last hours. How much my sister will have to endure, alone, with this new drama.   Later her message. The last one in which she will sound like herself.Hi, it’s me. The movie was unbelievable.   Unbelievable.I wait for you to come to brush your shoe against the blade of grass I'm sitting on touch me with your hand as you reach for one last violet to take home   or pick up a worm to place gracefully in the garden   even better if you lie on a hillside to watch the sunset or breathe in stars   I will feel your warmth, bury my head next to that freckle on your calf, that hair on your forearm, or just behind the lobe of your left ear   I promise not to take too much blood into my swelling body   only what I think I need   and I will never let you know I am here though I will love you   deeply ;My cousin, Milton, worked for a cable company. The boy I knew when we were children   had fists that were often clenched, his face set like an old man whose life had been so hard,   it hardened him. But the man's hands opened to let more of the world in. He sent the funniest   cards to family and friends at Christmas, laid down cable so others could connect. Yet, he lived   alone, kept to himself much of the time, so when his sister found his body, he'd been gone   a good while. He died young at fifty-seven, without fuss or bother. No sitting by the bedside   or feeding him soup. He just laid himself down like a trunk line and let the signal pass through.Here was no place for illumination the cotton dust thick window-strained light. The metal squall drowned what could not be shouted everything geared warping and filling.   Though surely there were some times that he paused my grandfather thinking This is my life and catching himself before he was caught lost wages or fingers the risk of reflection.   Or another recalled in those reckoning moments remembering the mountains the hardscrabble farm where a workday as long bought no guarantee of money come fall full bellies in winter.   To earn extra pay each spring he would climb the mill's water tower repaint the one word. That vowel heavy word defined the horizon a word my grandfather could not even read.The story goes from in a rainfall to sister walking a field browned autumn. And when she arrives winter has come, so the old man rises from his chair, picks up matches, pipes and tools, and walks out to begin again.   The sculptures grow by the day, birds in ice, recognizable eagles, a bear who began as a man in a moment of dance. He does this in ice, all winter carving at dawn, carving at dusk.   And sister after walking a field browned autumn, arrives, watches from the east window, waits, goes out to him in spring, taps him on the shoulder and points to the pools of water he's standing over.That summer night Was hot Steaming like a crab Luscious under the shell   Televisions gone bleary Blinked In front of men In undershirts drinking beer   Wives upstairs took showers Caught A glimpse of their backs In hallway mirrors   I sat in the dark Invisible On the backporch Drinking in the night   And it tasted good So good Going down And somebody like me   Blew night through an alto sax Blew and blew His cooling breath His hot cool breath on me—   And I came alive Glowing In the dark Listening like a foolBut keep writing. Write by the glow of the windows, the roof alight like a red-haired girl, you in the back yard, safe.   The ladybug's flown away. Recall her flit and armored crawl. To the last breath of summer. Upon the circular of winter.   The man may have left. This doesn't stop the writing. Between the pages, a slight blur. The man may have been old and ill, or young who stopped trying to be with you. Ghost days.   You're swimming across a deep lake with a soul you're making. You save the swimmer, the sailor, the drowned, the damned and the beloved.My ancestors were not diligent and so they lived beside the fort that's neither on the maps of Heaven, Nor of Hell. In these lands, there is no difference between a star and thrown car keys. Chicken nuggets hatch from the eggs of eagles. I grow dirty while bathing in bottled water. My bed comforter is a wet parking lot, I wrap myself up in. If I eat in the morning, there's nothing left in the evening My dish of grass and cigarette butts topped with expired coupons. Stir all I like; I never swallow it down. All the while, my rabbit's foot runs about from Las Cruces to West Memphis searching for flawless luck. The more one cries, the more one prospers . . . O' ancestral demon, may my lamentation become verbal sorcery.I come from Inuit oil money, From instruments of chance and divination. The most loose, shut in, wavering mind, Recording my day with recitations, antennae, Narration and figure, my phone might die. I'm walking dirty. Shop and mob cops, not to touch my mother's breast Or the queen's royal crown signature Izzy Juju—hijacked, forsaking all others. The untamed scotch is mine. It cost the picture a fortune To say nothing of my turban, costume copies Of topaz bracelets, the umpteenth translation. Did you ever know Micah, Gay Sunshine, Grace Cathedral, Coconut? I went from heels at Barneys to the depths of the bins. Who could be like dropping in? I'll fold both my hands In gloves and wait, Hope Diamond peeking out.I.The time has come for the nation to turna new page by righting wrongs of the past.We apologise for laws and policies that inflictedprofound grief, suffering, and loss and for the removalof children from families, communities, and country.For the pain of these, their descendants, and for familiesleft behind, to mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters,for indignity inflicted on a proud people, we say sorry.We resolve that the injustices of the past must never,never happen again and look to a future based on mutualrespect, where all, whatever their origins, are equal partners.Spoken by Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd,introduced in January and delivered November 29, 2008,the day after he was sworn into officeSomeone is looking for us. I sensed it earlier at the creek while floating on my back, and again on Route 8 near Brookline. So we’ve detoured to this hillside eroding and crazy with markers. We’re looking for row mm or nn or something like that. I lug the baby; my wife runs ahead. This neighborhood knows her– she passes so easily between stones. She finds the grave, her father dead ten years now. In the time it takes to say kaddish the sun’s dropped. I set down my son and he crawls in the dimness, pulling himself up on the headstone. How delicately he fingers the marble. Quickly he rounds its corner. Vanishes. I’m thinking: grass, stone, quiet– then babbling from another world.The bus steps are high, but William clambers up gamely. Doors shut. He peers out a print-marked window. From the street corner, I wave, wistful as a soldier’s bride as his bus pulls away and turns a corner.   At noon the yellow bus returns him to the same place where I’m standing again. He thinks I stood there all day, waiting in his absence. When he finds out I left to play tennis,   his forehead crumples like paper in a wastebasket. Now he knows I can move on my own without him. Tears drawn from the well of desertion form in his eyes. I’m his first love and his greatest disappointment.In the evening she comes to me like a child ready for bed. She slips under covers, curls into my curves or stretches against my spine. Some have said they fear I might crush her, but we're a tender pair, each aware of the warmth and the other.   I knew a woman once who kept an orphaned antelope, let it roam her kitchen, sleep in her bed, musky scent and hooves.   This dog looks like a small deer, poised and silent in the lawn, but at night, she is a dark body, lean and long against the lavender cotton of my summer sleeping. We are bone and bone, muscle and muscle, and underneath each surface a quiet and insistent pulse.As I punch the time-clock, I know men will be gunned down at dawn in a distant continent, someone will dart into a café with a bomb nestled   in the belly, by the roadside a woman will moan over the body of a man, shrunken, stretched on the earth, that God will finger the forehead of a dying country,   all of it funneled through the news on TV. But tonight, instead of tuning in, I’m going to kneel beside the window, recognize myself in the croak of the crow, high above the black tree   of winter, claws hooked and rough, wings swept back and hunched, face masked with exhaust. I’m going to try, even if I fail, to see myself whole, complete in the cry, in the beak of the crow.What a profound longing I feel, just this very instant, For the Garden of Eden On Montague Street Where I seldom shopped, Usually only after therapy Elbow sore at the crook From a handbasket filled To capacity. The glossy pastries! Pomegranate, persimmon, quince! Once, a bag of black beluga Lentils spilt a trail behind me While I labored to find A tea they refused to carry. It was Brooklyn. My thirties. Everyone I knew was living The same desolate luxury, Each ashamed of the same things: Innocence and privacy. I'd lug Home the paper bags, doing Bank-balance math and counting days. I'd squint into it, or close my eyes And let it slam me in the face— The known sun setting On the dawning century.Why and by whose power were you sent? What do you see that you may wish to steal? Why this dancing? Why do your dark bodies Drink up all the light? What are you demanding That we feel? Have you stolen something? Then What is that leaping in your chest? What is The nature of your mission? Do you seek To offer a confession? Have you anything to do With others brought by us to harm? Then Why are you afraid? And why do you invade Our night, hands raised, eyes wide, mute As ghosts? Is there something you wish to confess? Is this some enigmatic type of test? What if we Fail? How and to whom do we address our appeal?What will survive us has already begun   Oak galls Two termites’ curious self-perpetuating bodies   Letting the light through the gaps   They lay out their allegiances under the roots of an overturned tree   Almost always better to build than to wreck   You can build in a wreck   Under the roots of an overturned tree   Consider the martin that hefts herself over traffic cones   Consider her shadow misaligned over parking-lot cement Saran Wrap scrap in her beak   Nothing lasts forever not even the future we want   The President has never owned the rainI can’t undress from the pressure of leaves, the lobed edges leaning toward the window like an unwanted male gaze on the backside, (they wish to bless and bless and hush). What if I want to go devil instead? Bow down to the madness that makes me. Drone of the neighbor’s mowing, a red mailbox flag erected, a dog bark from three houses over, and this is what a day is. Beetle on the wainscoting, dead branch breaking, but not breaking, stones from the sea next to stones from the river, unanswered messages like ghosts in the throat, a siren whining high toward town repeating that the emergency is not here, repeating that this loud silence is only where you live.Valentine’s Day breakfast at Baker’s Square: Laura drinks coffee while I watch Andrew, who refuses to sit but chooses instead to stay in the restaurant’s vestibule where he opens and closes the big double doors over and over again, as if he’s practicing a grand entrance–entering, crossing the threshold, and letting the doors close behind him. I’m thinking,   it wasn’t so long ago I carried my tiny son piggyback through the woods to a waterfall; wasn’t long ago I kissed Laura for the first time; wasn’t long ago I lived in the house with my dog and sat with my notebook at the kitchen table on Sunday morning after working all night– sipping burnt coffee and scratching out lines, lighting my hundredth cigarette, starting over again, determined to write a love poem.;  1 I will cry to regret and slaughter my heart on a desolate rock in the steppe and run in the wilderness run in their illusions in the mirrors of bullets while shooing victory and defeat and also the dead with war's twig ;  2 I will arch my back like a noble wolf and howl in the plains until the plains go mad and the god of soldiers spots me lifeless in war's meanness I'd be pleased yet angry and forlorn of seas that have tolled for thirty centuries they come and go ;   3 I call to my friend and leave him standing in speech I call to my lover and leave her insomniacWhen I was young, exorcisms were quite common, a remedy not unlike 
ice baths. Plus, devils were shorter in those days just as people were. 
They hadn't eaten enough fruits or vegetables, and lacked essential 
vitamins and iron, grew thin and pale, fell easily into brooding 
depressions. They looked more like deer than sheep, and when they 
possessed you it was usually because they were fleeing from someone 
else and didn't realize where they were until it was too late. It was more 
a question of giving directions than driving them out. "Turn right at the 
hairdresser's, go straight until you get to the abandoned schoolhouse, 
then turn left. You should see the exit from there." "Thank you. I was 
completely lost." "You're welcome. Good luck." "You too, and thanks 
again."There is a hole. In the hole is everything people will do to each other.   The hole goes down and down. It has many rooms like graves and like graves they are all connected.   Roots hang from the dirt in craggy chandeliers. It's not clear where the hole stops   beginning and where it starts to end. It's warm and dark down there. The passages multiply.   There are ballrooms. There are dead ends. The air smells of iron and crushed flowers.   People will do anything. They will cut the hands off children. Children will do anything—   In the hole is everything.After three weeks of hot weather and drought, ; ;  we've had a week of cold and rain, just the way it ought to be here in the north, ; ;   in June, a fire going in the woodstove all day long, so you can go outside in the cold ; ;   and rain anytime and smell the wood smoke in the air.   This is the way I love it. This is why ; ;  I came here almost fifty years ago. What is June anyway ; ; without cold and rain and a fire going in the stove all day?I can feel myself slipping away, fading away, withdrawing from this life, just as my father did. When the pain you're in   is so great you can’t think about or pay attention to anything but your own pain, the rest of the world and all other life   don't matter.   I think about my friends with dementia, cancer, arthritis, and how much more pain they are in than I am, but it does no good,   their pain is not mine, and therefore, no matter how magnanimous I might want to be, their pain is not as important to me as my own.Look up: blazing chrysanthemums in rose shriek into bloom above the Tilt-a-Whirls, hang for a blink, then die in smoky swirls. They scream revolt at what the body knows: all revels end. We clap and sigh. Then, no— another rose! another peony! break, flame, roar, as though by roaring they might make the rides whirl in perpetuum. As though we need not finally, wearily turn, to plow back through the crush of bodies, the lank air, to buses that inch us, sweating, across town. As though we were not dropped in silence there to trudge the last blocks home, the streetlamps low, the crickets counting summer's seconds down.His muddy rubber boots stood in the farmhouse mud room while he sat in the kitchen, unshaven, dealing solitaire.   His wife (we called her Auntie) rolled out dough in the kitchen for a pie, put up preserves and tidied, clearing her throat.   They listened to the TV at six, he with his fingers fumbling the hearing aids, she watching the kitchen clock.   Old age went on like that, a vegetable patch, a horse some neighbor kept in the barn, the miles of grass and fences.   After he died his boots stood muddy in the mud room as if he'd gone in socks, softly out to the meadow.She is girl. She is gravel. She is grabbed. She is grabbed like handfuls of gravel. Gravel grated by water. Her village is full of gravel fields. It is 1950. She is girl. She is grabbed. She is not my grandmother, though my grandmother is girl. My grandmother’s father closes the gates. Against American soldiers, though they jump over stone walls. To a girl who is not my grandmother. The girl is gravel grabbed. Her language is gravel because it means nothing. Hands full of girl. Fields full of gravel. Korea is gravel and graves. Girl is girl and she will never be a grandmother. She will be girl, girl is gravel and history will skip her like stone over water. Oh girl, oh glory. Girl.There was a man. A Japanese soldier. One that did not believe in old superstitions. One that did not believe in sex before battle as charm against harm. He was an odd man. One that did not carry an amulet with pubic hair of a comfort woman. Or any piece of her. His comrades said, Be a man. The equation is, an odd man out is not man. There is no reason for logic in war. There is no reason. There was a man. His comrades said, Come raid, come pillage. Pushed him into the station. Their eyes on the holes in the wall. Watched as he came. Became. What is the equation here. There is a no equation. There was a man. One who said weeping, I am not a man, I am not a man.I read a Korean poem with the line “Today you are the youngest you will ever be.” Today I am the oldest I have been. Today we drink buckwheat tea. Today I have heat in my apartment. Today I think about the word chada in Korean. It means cold. It means to be filled with.  It means to kick. To wear. Today we’re worn. Today you wear the cold. Your chilled skin. My heart knocks on my skin. Someone said winter has broken his windows. The heat inside and the cold outside sent lightning across glass. Today my heart wears you like curtains. Today it fills with you. The window in my room is full of leaves ready to fall. Chada, you say. It’s tea.  We drink. It is cold outside.Each night after reading three books to my two children— we each picked one—to unwind them into dreamland, I'd turn off the light and sit between their beds in the wide junk-shop rocker I'd reupholstered blue, still feeling the close-reading warmth of their bodies beside me, and ask them to talk about the day—we did this,we did that, sometimes leading somewhere, sometimes not, but always ending up at the happy ending of now.Now, in still darkness, listening to their breath slow and ease into sleep's regular rhythm. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;Grown now, you might've guessed. The past tense solid, unyielding, against the acidic drip of recent years. But how it calmed us then, rewinding the gentle loop, and in the trusting darkness, pressing play.She says she had a baby but I don’t believe her Let me tell you the feeling of relief when I started to believe her baby wasn’t real “What’s she getting out of it?” I surrender without a fight Ok, you can have your baby   Sometimes all you can do is reify your worst fears What if I can’t have healthy relationships Ever With anything Even your cat   Undressing in the open window Like being in public Is it not knowing or not caring?   I’m offended reading memoir advertised as essay I give a mini-lecture on insecure attachment from the living room As if to ask Is that what you wanted? Who you think I am Improving my senses You see I was siding with the babyTo kill correctly takes calculation.   Down to a science. Arsenic cacodylic acid.   Know water and rice on a cellular level.   Make sure no surviving seed can be collected and planted.   Because even a small seed assures survival.   Because mortars, grenades and bombs cannot destroy a grain.   Because our heart is made of seeds.   Know what it takes to kill the seeds.   Know what it takes to deprive the plant of water, to dehydrate it.   To be surrounded by love but unable to absorb it.My body is opaque to the soul. Driven of the spirit, long have I sought to temper it unto the spirit’s ;longing, But my mind, too, is opaque to the soul. O Spirits of whom my soul is but a little finger, Direct it to the lid of its flesh-eye. I am weak with much giving. I am weak the desire to give more. (How strong a thing is the little finger!) So weak that I have confused the body with the soul, And the body with its little finger. (How frail is the little finger.) My voice could not carry to you did you dwell in stars, O spirits of whom my soul is but a little finger . .When you, that at this moment are to me Dearer than words on paper, shall depart, And be no more the warder of my heart, Whereof again myself shall hold the key; And be no more—what now you seem to be— The sun, from which all excellences start In a round nimbus, nor a broken dart Of moonlight, even, splintered on the sea; I shall remember only of this hour— And weep somewhat, as now you see me weep— The pathos of your love, that, like a flower, Fearful of death yet amorous of sleep, Droops for a moment and beholds, dismayed, The wind whereon its petals shall be laid.Pity me not because the light of day At close of day no longer walks the sky; Pity me not for beauties passed away From field and thicket as the year goes by; Pity me not the waning of the moon, Nor that the ebbing tide goes out to sea, Nor that a man’s desire is hushed so soon, And you no longer look with love on me. This have I known always: Love is no more Than the wide blossom which the wind assails, Than the great tide that treads the shifting shore, Strewing fresh wreckage gathered in the gales: Pity me that the heart is slow to learn What the swift mind beholds at every turn.Oh, oh, you will be sorry for that word! Give back my book and take my kiss instead. Was it my enemy or my friend I heard, “What a big book for such a little head!” Come, I will show you now my newest hat, And you may watch me purse my mouth and prink! Oh, I shall love you still, and all of that. I never again shall tell you what I think. I shall be sweet and crafty, soft and sly; You will not catch me reading any more: I shall be called a wife to pattern by; And some day when you knock and push the door, Some sane day, not too bright and not too stormy, I shall be gone, and you may whistle for me.I shall go back again to the bleak shore And build a little shanty on the sand, In such a way that the extremest band Of brittle seaweed will escape my door But by a yard or two; and nevermore Shall I return to take you by the hand; I shall be gone to what I understand, And happier than I ever was before. The love that stood a moment in your eyes, The words that lay a moment on your tongue, Are one with all that in a moment dies, A little under-said and over-sung. But I shall find the sullen rocks and skies Unchanged from what they were when I was young.Loving you less than life, a little less Than bitter-sweet upon a broken wall Or brush-wood smoke in autumn, I confess I cannot swear I love you not at all. For there is that about you in this light— A yellow darkness, sinister of rain— Which sturdily recalls my stubborn sight To dwell on you, and dwell on you again. And I am made aware of many a week I shall consume, remembering in what way Your brown hair grows about your brow and cheek And what divine absurdities you say: Till all the world, and I, and surely you, Will know I love you, whether or not I do.I, being born a woman and distressed By all the needs and notions of my kind, Am urged by your propinquity to find Your person fair, and feel a certain zest To bear your body’s weight upon my breast: So subtly is the fume of life designed, To clarify the pulse and cloud the mind, And leave me once again undone, possessed. Think not for this, however, the poor treason Of my stout blood against my staggering brain, I shall remember you with love, or season My scorn with pity,—let me make it plain: I find this frenzy insufficient reason For conversation when we meet again.Still will I harvest beauty where it grows: In coloured fungus and the spotted fog Surprised on foods forgotten; in ditch and bog Filmed brilliant with irregular rainbows Of rust and oil, where half a city throws Its empty tins; and in some spongy log Whence headlong leaps the oozy emerald frog. . . . And a black pupil in the green scum shows. Her the inhabiter of divers places Surmising at all doors, I push them all. Oh, you that fearful of a creaking hinge Turn back forevermore with craven faces, I tell you Beauty bears an ultra fringe Unguessed of you upon her gossamer shawl!Euclid alone has looked on Beauty bare. Let all who prate of Beauty hold their peace, And lay them prone upon the earth and cease To ponder on themselves, the while they stare At nothing, intricately drawn nowhere In shapes of shifting lineage; let geese Gabble and hiss, but heroes seek release From dusty bondage into luminous air. O blinding hour, O holy, terrible day, When first the shaft into his vision shone Of light anatomized! Euclid alone Has looked on Beauty bare. Fortunate they Who, though once only and then but far away, Have heard her massive sandal set on stone.The white bark writhed and sputtered like a fish Upon the coals, exuding odorous smoke She knelt and blew, in a surging desolate wish For comfort; and the sleeping ashes woke And scattered to the hearth, but no thin fire Broke suddenly, the wood was wet with rain. Then, softly stepping forth from her desire, (Being mindful of like passion hurled in vain Upon a similar task, in other days) She thrust her breath against the stubborn coal, Bringing to bear upon its hilt the whole Of her still body. . . there sprang a little blaze. . . A pack of hounds, the flame swept up the flue!— And the blue night stood flattened against the window, ; staring through.She had forgotten how the August night Was level as a lake beneath the moon, In which she swam a little, losing sight Of shore; and how the boy, who was at noon Simple enough, not different from the rest, Wore now a pleasant mystery as he went, Which seemed to her an honest enough test Whether she loved him, and she was content. So loud, so loud the million crickets’ choir. . . So sweet the night, so long-drawn-out and late. . . And if the man were not her spirit’s mate, Why was her body sluggish with desire? Stark on the open field the moonlight fell, But the oak tree’s shadow was deep and black and ; secret as a well.There is big excitement in C block today. On the window sill, in a plastic ice cream cup a little plant is growing. This is all the men want to talk about: how an apple seed germinated in a crack of damp concrete; how they tore open tea bags to collect the leaves, leached them in water, then laid the sprout onto the bed made of Lipton. How this finger of spring dug one delicate root down into the dark fannings and now two small sleeves of green are pushing out from the emerging tip. The men are tipsy with this miracle. Each morning, one by one, they go to the window and check the progress of the struggling plant. All through the day they return to stand over the seedling and whisper.The living come with grassy tread To read the gravestones on the hill; The graveyard draws the living still, But never any more the dead.   The verses in it say and say: ‘The ones who living come today To read the stones and go away Tomorrow dead will come to stay.’   So sure of death the marbles rhyme, Yet can’t help marking all the time How no one dead will seem to come. What is it men are shrinking from?   It would be easy to be clever And tell the stones: Men hate to die And have stopped dying now forever. I think they would believe the lie.Before man came to blow it right ; The wind once blew itself untaught, And did its loudest day and night ; In any rough place where it caught.   Man came to tell it what was wrong: ; It hadn’t found the place to blow; It blew too hard—the aim was song. ; And listen—how it ought to go!   He took a little in his mouth, ; And held it long enough for north To be converted into south, ; And then by measure blew it forth.   By measure. It was word and note, ; The wind the wind had meant to be— A little through the lips and throat. ; The aim was song—the wind could see.Spades take up leaves No better than spoons, And bags full of leaves Are light as balloons.   I make a great noise Of rustling all day Like rabbit and deer Running away.   But the mountains I raise Elude my embrace, Flowing over my arms And into my face.   I may load and unload Again and again Till I fill the whole shed, And what have I then?   Next to nothing for weight, And since they grew duller From contact with earth, Next to nothing for color.   Next to nothing for use, But a crop is a crop, And who’s to say where The harvest shall stop?We did not want to be unblessed, so we were blessed.   Long, thin wire, a little patch where we might lay our   heads. It was this way, this looking fore and back, a pole   held tightly in our hands. You want to tell me   what went wrong? Confusing shapes across a wall, depression   in the ground. The gorgeous soldiers fought and fell. Hie   unto hell. How we will lie in that brave grave apart,   our aperture: a heart that has been ruptured   absolutely by a passing God.In the moonlight I met Berserk, In the moonlight On the bushy plain.   Oh, sharp he was As the sleepless!   And, “Why are you red In this milky blue?” I said. “Why sun-colored, As if awake In the midst of sleep?”   “You that wander,” So he said, “On the bushy plain, Forget so soon. But I set my traps In the midst of dreams.”   I knew from this That the blue ground Was full of blocks And blocking steel. I knew the dread Of the bushy plain, And the beauty Of the moonlight Falling there, Falling As sleep falls In the innocent air.Capitán profundo, capitán geloso, Ask us not to sing standing in the sun, Hairy-backed and hump-armed, Flat-ribbed and big-bagged.   There is no pith in music Except in something false.   Bellissimo, pomposo, Sing a song of serpent-kin, Necks among the thousand leaves, Tongues around the fruit. Sing in clownish boots Strapped and buckled bright.   Wear the breeches of a mask, Coat half-flare and half galloon; Wear a helmet without reason, Tufted, tilted, twirled, and twisted. Start the singing in a voice Rougher than a grinding shale.   Hang a feather by your eye, Nod and look a little sly. This must be the vent of pity, Deeper than a truer ditty Of the real that wrenches, Of the quick that’s wry.I was cold and leaned against the big oak tree as if it were my mother wearing a rough apron of bark, her upraised arms warning of danger. Through those boughs and leaves I saw dark patches of sky. I thought a brooding witch waited to catch me up from under branches and take me, careening on her broom, to her home in the jaundiced moon. I looked to the roof of mom and dad's house and wondered if the paisley couch patterns would change during the day. My brother peeked from a window and waved. When the bus came, I pawed away from the trunk, fumbled, and took my first step toward not returning."A cradle thief," my mother called the man we'd see in shops, cafes, parks, even church, with "that poor girl" beside him. Hand in hand, they'd walk as if they didn't feel the scorch of people's stares. The day we saw him press his lips to hers, my mother blocked my eyes as if his mouth (I longed for my first kiss) against her mouth was smothering her cries. All week, I ran a fever that wouldn't break. "A cradle thief"—a voice I only half knew as my own surprised me in the dark, my sick-bed wet with shivers. "A cradle thief," I said again, as if the words could will my window broken, footprint on the sill.Dreamer of purified fury and fabulous habit, your eyes of deserted white afternoons target, stiffen, riot with unicorn candor so I swallow your body like meanings or whisky or as you swallow me.   Break rhythm here: ; your kiss is my justice: look then now how orange blooms of jubilation unfold in satisfied air! This sex is more than sex, under the will of the God of sex, so I softly invoke transformation of your rueful image of haven –those frozen rocks, that guilty lighthouse isolate from temptation– to warm Flemish landscape green and brighteyed with daisies of ; dizzying color where pilgrims are dancing after gospelling bird who sing of ;  new springs, good water.Since you would claim the sources of my thoughtRecall the meshes whence it sprang unlimed,The reedy traps which other hands have timedTo close upon it. Conjure up the hotBlaze that it cleared so cleanly, or the snowDevised to strike it down. It will be free.Whatever nets draw in to prison meAt length your eyes must turn to watch it go.  My mouth, perhaps, may learn one thing too well,My body hear no echo save its own,Yet will the desperate mind, maddened and proud,Seek out the storm, escape the bitter spellThat we obey, strain to the wind, be thrownStraight to its freedom in the thunderous cloud.The wind of night is mighty on the deep— ; A presence haunting sea and land again. ; That wind upon the watery waste hath been; That wind upon the desert soon shall sweep. O vast and mournful spirit, wherefore keep ; Thy vigil at the fleeting homes of men, ; Who need no voice of thine to tell them when Is come the hour to labor or to sleep?   From waste to waste thou goest, and art dumb ; Before the morning. Patient in her tree ; ; The bird awaits until thy strength hath passed, Forgetting darkness when the day is come. ; With other tidings hast thou burdened me, ; ; Whom desolations harbor at the last.I saw the racer coming to the jump, ; Staring with fiery eyeballs as he rusht, I heard the blood within his body thump, ; I saw him launch, I heard the toppings crusht. And as he landed I beheld his soul ; Kindle, because, in front, he saw the Straight With all its thousands roaring at the goal, ; He laughed, he took the moment for his mate. Would that the passionate moods on which we ride ; Might kindle thus to oneness with the will; Would we might see the end to which we stride, ; And feel, not strain in struggle, only thrill, And laugh like him and know in all our nerves Beauty, the spirit, scattering dust and turves.First day of February, and in the far corner of the yard the Adirondack chair, blown over by the wind at Christmas, is still on its back, the snow too deep for me to traipse out and right it, the ice too sheer to risk slamming these old bones to the ground. In a hospital bed in her room where her bed used to be, and her husband, my Aunt Millie keeps reaching up for the far corner of the room, whispering That is so interesting.I will go now. In April I will walk out across the warming grass, and right the chair as if there had never been anything to stop me in the first place, listening for the buzz of hummingbirds which reminds me of how fast things are capable of moving.All my life I’ve asked my master Why I am unable to choose This sweet man or fancy shoes Over this stranger, more difficult lover And these expensive but practical loafers And why I am unable to author A book exhibiting my full potential And have focused instead on inconsequential Letters to strange and difficult lovers Who by my letters were never changed. I certainly haven’t been constrained By terrible parents or trauma or poverty And even if I had it wouldn’t explain My propensity for misery Anymore than it would my Propensity for joy. Maybe I’m just a procrastinator As life is a procrastination of death And each breath just a procrastination of breath And friends a procrastination of work And work a procrastination of love And love a procrastination I’m just not above.The commentator's rabbiting on and on about how it's so easy for Roger, resentment thick as butter still in a box. Yet word from those who've done their homework is how the man loves to train—how much he relishes putting in the hours just as magicians shuffle card after card, countless to mere humans but carefully all accounted for. At hearing "luck" again, I stop until my hands relax their clutch on the cone from which a dozen more peonies are to materialize. I make it look easy to grow a garden on top of a sheet of fondant, and that's how it should appear: as natural and as meant-to-be as the spin of a ball from the sweetest spot of a racquet whisked through the air like a wand.The stone dolls, found in an Egyptian tomb, are eyeless, armless, heavy for a child to hold. Not like the dolls that lined the room my sister and I shared, their bodies light and made for being bent, their eyelids mobile, hair that tangled with our own. "At night," our father winked at us, "they come to life." We never pressed our cheeks against cold stone as pharoah's daughters did. The doctor's knife could not have caught my sister more off-guard or left me less alone; I had my dolls. Though, soon, they lay on tables in the yard with price tags. Even then they looked alive, survivors with no sickness to survive.When they entered the house, which was a very large house the way a cloud is large, the pages of their story seemed like cracks in the earth, a man's shirt, or a woman's blouse, and the stranger in the house told them to make themselves at home in the house that was not their house, and told them to write down the three most important gifts in each of their lives, and then continued to explain how there were three doors in the house and at each door they must forfeit one of these gifts, and how the real story always begins at the third door, where each of them will pause and begin to crawl, leaving the field of time, where now you pause, touching the door of this page, wiping away each word, waiting to enter.I sit with my thermos of coffee on the mall: a mile-long promenade, arcades of elms flanking a generous aliquot of benches.   But at this early hour it starts to dawn: I am the only one without a dog. So, a witness to an ancient symbiosis, as it's evolved within a modern city:   The dogs, I note, are smaller, the owners less ferocious. The former sniff then poop, the latter, like potty-training parents, pat their heads, gather it in plastic doggy-bags.   It's no longer for the hunt or for protection; both species have adapted to survive hard loneliness inside a small apartment.“I’m interested in feminist oratory,” we think Jess should say “Specifically that.”   Yellow-breasted engine sounds on the Joshua tree Joshua tree mid-shimmy   I think every bird is mad at me. Does that make me an alcoholic?   Let’s take a break, after the great San Bernardino sculpture party   sparkling toilet pieces lay tiled into the pavilion, silver flushers too.   TV piles. I am uneasy. So what? No match for the always sand and always   Air. I find a pair of leather pants Hanging in a hut & touch them. Definitely not leather.   I can see the sunscreen on your face not rubbed in, rivulets wet   the under-chin. Let’s get this next pitch right, guys, decades left of percolation.It tastes like all my night when I'm at the bottom of the borough sheets burn around me through the night Consecrate me Consecrate me Conserve me lover In the sills of your love in the cells of your palms from the womb to cell break me from the belly of ship let me crash upon you Consecrate me my lover in your rectum in a rehabilitation center where athletes seek the best care I break into you Consecrate me I want to love you in Syracuse woods in Sonnino love me against lamb’s wool I am my sister's wife keeper Consecrate me in the discretion of sisters nuns loving and hating jobs that ask with fangs barredWe must have known, Even as we reached Down to touch them Where we'd found them   Shut-eyed and trembling Under a straw bale In the haymow, that She would move them   That night under cover Of darkness, and that By finding them We were making certain   We wouldn't see them again Until we saw them Crouching under the pickup Like sullen teens, having gone   As wild by then as they'd gone Still in her mouth that night She made a decision Any mother might make   Upon guessing the intentions Of the state: to go and to Go now, taking everything You love between your teeth.In the next scene Walt Whitman is walking around Boston Common. He’s young. It’s winter. Emerson is there. They walk and talk for hours, or really Emerson talks. He scolds Whitman for slavering after tree knots and bobbing with the swimmer. Whitman nods but in his head he’s busy tallying his orgasms. At the carousel an ancient Puritan is passing his hat, singing, “Kill It Babe.” Dozens of geese have gathered on the frozen pond, standing on one leg, tucking the other like a dagger into their feathery centers. Well, Emerson asks the poet, what do you have to say for yourself? And Whitman, respectfully, but sure now all the way down in his bones where the deep, frontier feeling of disobedience lives, says, essentially, go fuck yourself. I’ll go my own way.What? You don’t feel at home in your country, almost overnight? All the simple things you cared about, maybe took for granted. . . you feel insulted, invisible? Almost as if you’re not there? But you’re there. Where before you mingled freely. . . appreciated people who weren’t just like you. . . divisions grow stronger. That’s what “chosen” and “unchosen” will do. (Just keep your eyes on your houses and gardens. Keep your eyes on that tree in bloom.) Yes, a wall. Ours came later but. . . who talks about how sad the land looks, marked by a massive wall? That’s not a normal shadow. It’s something else looming over your lives.I like the lady horses best, how they make it all look easy, like running 40 miles per hour is as fun as taking a nap, or grass. I like their lady horse swagger, after winning. Ears up, girls, ears up! But mainly, let’s be honest, I like that they’re ladies. As if this big dangerous animal is also a part of me, that somewhere inside the delicate skin of my body, there pumps an 8-pound female horse heart, giant with power, heavy with blood. Don’t you want to believe it? Don’t you want to lift my shirt and see the huge beating genius machine that thinks, no, it knows, it’s going to come in first.[we] are watching a documentary about home birth when [you] first feel [neni] kick // embryo   of hope // they say plastic is the perfect creation because it never dies // litters the beaches   of o‘ahu, this “gathering place” // the doctor recommends a c-section // in the sea, plastic multiplies   into smaller pieces, leaches estrogenic and toxic chemicals // if [we] cut open the bellies of whales   and large fish, what fragments will [we] find, derived from oil, absorbed into tissue // because plastic   never dissolves, every product ever made still exists, somewhere, today // i wish my daughter was made   of plastic so that she will survive [our] wasteful hands // so that she, too, will have a great futureEven now, after all these years, my father, 89, still uncertain when I call whose voice it is—Ann's or mine—   saying Hi, Dad, and from where, the next town or a different state, still pausing in that powdered air, this little silence as he waits   at the nursery door, discerning tone and pitch, listening hard to know which way to bend, which crib, the one against the wall or by the window,   still concentrating, trying to keep us separate, our needs, do whatshe would, letting my mother sleep, this moment's blank as he's about   to choose between us, make some shift in the soft-lit dark, decide whose cry it is tonight, which girl to lift, to whisper or hum, which lullaby.; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   As we ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; embrace ; ;resist ; ; ; ; ;  the future ;  the present ; the past ; ;    we work ; ;we struggle ; ;we begin ; ;we fail ​ to understand ;  to find ;   to unbraid ;   to accept ;   to question ; ; ;  the grief ; ;the grief ; ; the grief ; ;the grief ; ; ; ; ;  we shift ;    we wield ; ; we bury​ ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  into light ; ; ;as ash ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;across our facesI met the Bishop on the road And much said he and I. `Those breasts are flat and fallen now Those veins must soon be dry; Live in a heavenly mansion, Not in some foul sty.' `Fair and foul are near of kin, And fair needs foul,' I cried. 'My friends are gone, but that's a truth Nor grave nor bed denied, Learned in bodily lowliness And in the heart's pride. `A woman can be proud and stiff When on love intent; But Love has pitched his mansion in The place of excrement; For nothing can be sole or whole That has not been rent.'Fair is my love, and cruel as she's fair:Her brow shades frowns although her eyes are sunny,Her smiles are lightning though her pride despair,And her disdains are gall, her favours honey;A modest maid, deck'd with a blush of honour,Whose feet do tread green paths of youth and love,The wonder of all eyes that look upon her:Sacred on earth, design'd a saint above.Chastity and beauty, which were deadly foes,Live reconciled friends within her brow;And had she pity to conjoin with those,Then who had heard the plaints I utter now?For had she not been fair and thus unkind,My muse had slept, and none had known my mind.When men shall find thy flower, thy glory, pass,And thou with careful brow sitting aloneReceived hast this message from thy glass,That tells thee truth and says that all is gone:Fresh shalt thou see in me the wounds thou madest,Though spent thy flame, in me the heat remaining;I that have lov'd thee thus before thou fadest,My faith shall wax when thou art in thy waning.The world shall find this miracle in me,That fire can burn when all the matter's spent;Then what my faith hath been thyself shall see,And that thou wast unkind thou mayst repent.Thou mayst repent that thou hast scorn'd my tears,When winter snows upon thy golden hairs.Care-charmer Sleep, son of the sable Night, Brother to Death, in silent darkness born: Relieve my languish, and restore the light, With dark forgetting of my cares, return; And let the day be time enough to mourn The shipwreck of my ill-adventur'd youth: Let waking eyes suffice to wail their scorn, Without the torment of the night's untruth. Cease dreams, th' imagery of our day-desires, To model forth the passions of the morrow; Never let rising sun approve you liars, To add more grief to aggravate my sorrow. Still let me sleep, embracing clouds in vain; And never wake to feel the day's disdain.Seamen three! What men be ye?Gotham's three wise men we be.Whither in your bowl so free?To rake the moon from out the sea.The bowl goes trim. The moon doth shine.And our ballast is old wine;And your ballast is old wine.Who art thou, so fast adrift?I am he they call Old Care.Here on board we will thee lift.No: I may not enter there.Wherefore so? 'Tis Jove's decree,In a bowl Care may not be;In a bowl Care may not be.Fear ye not the waves that roll?No: in charmed bowl we swim.What the charm that floats the bowl?Water may not pass the brim.The bowl goes trim. The moon doth shine.And our ballast is old wine;And your ballast is old wine.I have a rendezvous with DeathAt some disputed barricade,When Spring comes back with rustling shadeAnd apple-blossoms fill the air—I have a rendezvous with DeathWhen Spring brings back blue days and fair.It may be he shall take my handAnd lead me into his dark landAnd close my eyes and quench my breath—It may be I shall pass him still.I have a rendezvous with DeathOn some scarred slope of battered hill,When Spring comes round again this yearAnd the first meadow-flowers appear.God knows 'twere better to be deepPillowed in silk and scented down,Where Love throbs out in blissful sleep,Pulse nigh to pulse, and breath to breath,Where hushed awakenings are dear ...But I've a rendezvous with DeathAt midnight in some flaming town,When Spring trips north again this year,And I to my pledged word am true,I shall not fail that rendezvous.We swing ungirded hips,And lightened are our eyes,The rain is on our lips,We do not run for prize.We know not whom we trustNor whitherward we fare,But we run because we must    Through the great wide air.The waters of the seasAre troubled as by storm.The tempest strips the treesAnd does not leave them warm.Does the tearing tempest pause?Do the tree-tops ask it why?So we run without a cause    'Neath the big bare sky.The rain is on our lips,We do not run for prize.But the storm the water whipsAnd the wave howls to the skies.The winds arise and strike itAnd scatter it like sand,And we run because we like it    Through the broad bright land.In Flanders fields the poppies blowBetween the crosses, row on row,    That mark our place; and in the sky    The larks, still bravely singing, flyScarce heard amid the guns below.We are the Dead. Short days agoWe lived, felt dawn, saw sunset glow,    Loved and were loved, and now we lie, ;   In Flanders fields.Take up our quarrel with the foe:To you from failing hands we throw    The torch; be yours to hold it high.    If ye break faith with us who dieWe shall not sleep, though poppies grow ;   In Flanders fields.From morn to midnight, all day through,I laugh and play as others do,I sin and chatter, just the sameAs others with a different name.And all year long upon the stageI dance and tumble and do rageSo vehemently, I scarcely seeThe inner and eternal me.I have a temple I do notVisit, a heart I have forgot,A self that I have never met,A secret shrine—and yet, and yetThis sanctuary of my soulUnwitting I keep white and whole,Unlatched and lit, if Thou should'st careTo enter or to tarry there.With parted lips and outstretched handsAnd listening ears Thy servant stands,Call Thou early, call Thou late,To Thy great service dedicate.You are blind like us. Your hurt no man designed,And no man claimed the conquest of your land.But gropers both through fields of thought confinedWe stumble and we do not understand.You only saw your future bigly planned,And we, the tapering paths of our own mind,And in each other's dearest ways we stand,And hiss and hate. And the blind fight the blind.When it is peace, then we may view againWith new-won eyes each other's truer formAnd wonder. Grown more loving-kind and warmWe'll grasp firm hands and laugh at the old pain,When it is peace. But until peace, the stormThe darkness and the thunder and the rain.When you see millions of the mouthless deadAcross your dreams in pale battalions go,Say not soft things as other men have said,That you'll remember. For you need not so.Give them not praise. For, deaf, how should they knowIt is not curses heaped on each gashed head?Nor tears. Their blind eyes see not your tears flow.Nor honour. It is easy to be dead.Say only this, “They are dead.” Then add thereto,“Yet many a better one has died before.”Then, scanning all the o'ercrowded mass, should youPerceive one face that you loved heretofore,It is a spook. None wears the face you knew.Great death has made all his for evermore.This World is not Conclusion. A Species stands beyond -  Invisible, as Music - But positive, as Sound - It beckons, and it baffles -  Philosophy, dont know -  And through a Riddle, at the last -  Sagacity, must go - To guess it, puzzles scholars - To gain it, Men have borne Contempt of Generations And Crucifixion, shown - Faith slips - and laughs, and rallies -  Blushes, if any see -  Plucks at a twig of Evidence -  And asks a Vane, the way -  Much Gesture, from the Pulpit - Strong Hallelujahs roll -  Narcotics cannot still the Tooth That nibbles at the soul -The toy become the aesthetic archetype As if some patient peasant God had rubbed and rubbed the Alpha and Omega of Form into a lump of metal A naked orientation unwinged unplumed the ultimate rhythm has lopped the extremities of crest and claw from the nucleus of flight The absolute act of art conformed to continent sculpture —bare as the brow of Osiris— this breast of revelation an incandescent curve licked by chromatic flames in labyrinths of reflections This gong of polished hyperaesthesia shrills with brass as the aggressive light strikes its significance The immaculate conception of the inaudible bird occurs in gorgeous reticenceHe changes into a bird, and that’s the only difference. Rain on the improved sidewalk seems inspired after so much heat. Look at the objects that have already wilted and died. Someone is losing hair trying to penetrate the meaning of death—rather language which postpones dying is inventing a drug to keep us alive. Being similar never made this body more true. Bills for electricity and answering service are burning inside the hearth. My dream, to have a hearth and set an example for fading youth. The conspicuous peacock neither turns nor changes, yet suddently loses its feathers, buckles in the dust and dies. The meaning is as fantastic as any truth. Language invents a painkilling drug for restoring youth—an occasion inviting feelings which jolt and never subside. I mean he is dying again, slowly, as he gains time.With thick strokes of ink the sky fills with rain. Pretending to run for cover but secretly praying for more rain. Over the echo of the water, I hear a voice saying my name. No one in the city moves under the quick sightless rain. The pages of my notebook soak, then curl. I’ve written: “Yogis opened their mouths for hours to drink the rain.” The sky is a bowl of dark water, rinsing your face. The window trembles; liquid glass could shatter into rain. I am a dark bowl, waiting to be filled. If I open my mouth now, I could drown in the rain. I hurry home as though someone is there waiting for me. The night collapses into your skin. I am the rain.You move around me expertly like the good, round Italian barber I went to in Florence, years before we met, his scissors a razor he sharpened on a belt.But at first when you were learning, I feared for my neck, saw my ears like sliced fruit on the newspapered floor. Taking us back in time, you cleverly clipped my head in a flat-top.The years in between were styles no one had ever seen, or should see again: when the wind rose half my hair floated off in feathers, the other half bristling, brief as a brush.In the chair, almost asleep, I hear the bright scissors dancing. Hear you hum, full-breasted as Aida, carefully trimming the white from my temples, so no one, not even I, will know.Not the peace of a cease-fire,not even the vision of the wolf and the lamb,but ratheras in the heart when the excitement is overand you can talk only about a great weariness.I know that I know how to kill,that makes me an adult.And my son plays with a toy gun that knowshow to open and close its eyes and say Mama.A peace without the big noise of beating swords into ploughshares,without words, withoutthe thud of the heavy rubber stamp: let it belight, floating, like lazy white foam.A little rest for the wounds—who speaks of healing?(And the howl of the orphans is passed from one generationto the next, as in a relay race:the baton never falls.)Let it come like wildflowers,suddenly, because the fieldmust have it: wildpeace.Erstwhile means long time gone. A harbinger is sent before to help, and also a sign of things to come. Like this blue stapler I bought at Staples. Did you know in ancient Rome priests called augurs studied the future by carefully watching whether birds were flying together or alone, making what honking or beeping noises in what directions? It was called the auspices. The air was thus a huge announcement. Today it’s completely transparent, a vase. Inside it flowers flower. Thus a little death scent. I have no master but always wonder, what is making my master sad? Maybe I do not know him. This morning I made extra coffee for the beloved and covered the cup with a saucer. Skeleton I thought, and stay very still, whatever it was will soon pass by and be gone.In his life he neither wrote nor read. In his life he didn’t cut down a single tree, didn’t slit the throat of a single calf. In his life he did not speak of the New York Times behind its back, didn’t raise his voice to a soul except in his saying: “Come in, please, by God, you can’t refuse.” ; ; ;   —   Nevertheless— his case is hopeless, his situation desperate. His God-given rights are a grain of salt tossed into the sea.   Ladies and gentlemen of the jury: about his enemies my client knows not a thing. And I can assure you, were he to encounter the entire crew of the aircraft carrier Enterprise, he’d serve them eggs sunny-side up, and labneh fresh from the bag.I slid the white louvers shut so I could stand in your closet a little while among the throng of flowered dresses you hadn’t worn in years, and touch the creases on each of their sleeves that smelled of forgivenessand even though you would still be alive a few more days I knew they were ready to let themselves be packed into liquor store boxes simply because you had asked that of them,and dropped at the door of the Salvation Army without having noticed me wrapping my arms around so many at once that one slipped a big padded shoulder off of its hanger as if to return the embrace.When one isn’t enough, you need two when two aren’t enough, you need four with four the progression begins, moving toward a number that schoolteachers will call absurd. Question: How many men do you need to put up a house? Answer: You need absurd men when one isn’t enough and two can’t do the work of One. And how much money should we give these men to compensate them? You need absurd coins when one coin sliced in half and handed out isn’t enough. And how many words do you need to ;   transform them? Absurd and absurd and absurd words when silence isn’t enough. This is what they call progression: Absurd men aren’t enough for putting up the house, absurd coins don’t make them happy absurd words can’t dissuade them. ;With what stillness at last you appear in the valley your first sunlight reaching down to touch the tips of a few high leaves that do not stir as though they had not noticed and did not know you at all then the voice of a dove calls from far away in itself to the hush of the morning so this is the sound of you here and now whether or not anyone hears it this is where we have come with our age our knowledge such as it is and our hopes such as they are invisible before us untouched and still possibleIt’s like I thought it would be. Absolute silence. Just me and my poem. But, as I stand onstage preparing to start, I realize the audience is quiet because they want to hear me. Silence isn’t scary. It’s like Mr. Carey said, silence is my chance. And so I speak, slowly and clearly, and I don’t see the faces in front of me. I see the images of my poem, and I think only of what I’m saying and how much it means to me. My voice grows stronger and I don’t have to struggle to remember the words.   I know them because I wrote them.It was a good idea, cutting awaythe vines and ivy, trimming back the chest-high thicket lazy years had let grow here. Though it wasn’t for lackof love for the trees, I’d like to point out. Years love trees in a way we can’t imagine. They just don’t use the fruit like us; they want instead the slantof sun through narrow branches, the buckshot of rain on these old cherries. And we, now that I think on it, want those things too, we just always and desperatelywant the sugar of the fruit, the best we’ll get from this irascible land: sweetness we can gather for years, new stains staining the stains on our hands.The buried temple empties through its bowels, Sepulchral sewer spewing mud and rubies, Abominably some idol of Anubis, Its muzzle all aflame with savage howls.   Or if the recent gas the wick befouls That bears so many insults, it illumines In haggard outline an immortal pubis Flying along the streetlights on its prowls.   What wreaths dried out in cities without prayer Of night could bless like that which settles down Vainly against the marble of Baudelaire   In the fluttering veil that girds her absence round, A tutelary poison, his own Wraith, We breathe in always though it bring us death. ;Tune yr sandwich to the key of C Make biscuits in kitchen B   Miss Scarlet with her lead pipe Waits behind the cupboard door   Clubs one from the other limp Only to begin again innocent   & nothing to do but gather into Legion gather into constellation   Coming along then a spider its web Holds the walls together holds the floor   Up gathers toward a central point Mean & distribution derivation   To insert a thumb & see what sticks Past the earth’s crust cirrus   And acidic enough to spoon fork but Chew & eat & swallow digesting the fact   That nine wonders hope the clouds have Answers hope the clouds haveI like it when they get together and talk in voices that sound like apple trees and grape vines,and some of them wear hats and go to Arizona in the winter, and they all like to play cards.They will always be the ones who say “It is time to go now,” even as we linger at the door,or stand by the waiting cars, they remember someone—an uncle we never knew—and sigh, allof them together, like wind in the oak trees behind the farm where they grew up—a placeI remember—especially the hen house and the soft clucking that filled the sunlit yard.In this land the children tear their hearts in half. Let me explain. If ten things are wanted, only ten can be had. If a stand of birches is found to be made of tin, the soil around them will bleed with rust. In this land children study their magazines in broad daylight, and in their books any soldier who stumbles will not fall. No one will fall, a gift parents try not to make much of. At every meal some is set aside. In every garden a patch lies fallow. At parties there are whispers of illegal cheeses. Camembert, especially, is said to taste alive. And so the children learn to make room. To leave some. Nothing will come, but nothing will go. To love like this half must rattle in its pit.is an imaginary flower that never fades. The amaranth is blue with black petals, it’s yellow with red petals, it’s enormous and grows into the shape of a girl’s house, the seeds nestle high in the closet where she hid a boy. The boy and his bike flee the girl’s parents from the tip of the leaves, green summer light behind the veins. The amaranth is an imaginary flower in the shape of a girl’s house dispensing gin and tonics from its thorns, a succulent. This makes the boy’s bike steer off-course all summer, following the girl in her marvelous car, the drunken bike.   He was a small part of summer, he was summer’s tongue.They learned to turn off the gravity in an auditorium and we all rose into the air, the same room where they demonstrated pow-wows and prestidigitation.   But not everyone believed it. That was the most important lesson I learned—that a truck driven by a dog could roll down a hill at dusk and roll right off a dock into a lake and sink, and if no one believes you then what is the point of telling them wonderful things?   I walked home from the pow-wow on an early winter night in amazement: they let me buy the toy tomahawk! As soon as I got home I was going to hit my sister with it, but I didn’t know this.We holler these trysts to be self-exiled that all manatees are credited equi-distant, that they are endured by their Creditor with cervical unanswerable rims. that among these are lightning, lice, and the pushcart of harakiri. That to seduce these rims, graces are insulated among manatees, descanting their juvenile pragmatism from the consistency of the graced. That whenever any formula of grace becomes detained of these endives, it is the rim of the peppery to aluminize or to abominate it. and to insulate Newtonian grace. leaching its fountain pen on such printed matter and orienting its pragmatism in such formula, as to them shall seize most lilac to effuse their sage and harakiri.Photograph found in the road: bejeweled hand gripping a limp dick. All parties suffering from lack of ambition. The hills of Tuscany won’t dapple with sunlight, and here it is nearly noon. She didn’t much want the leather jacket, the vendor didn’t really care to sell it, she hardly tried it on, he barely praised her beauty, then everyone wasn’t hungry and went to lunch. The rubies won’t glow. The delayed train shrugs on its siding. The penis appears at ease.Osteria, osteria, osteria, osteria. I knew many words but preferred to say the same ones over and over, like a photographer shooting four frames of the same subject, hoping for one in focus. This clearly among the other three.It’s not that I don’t like the hospital. Those small bouquets of flowers, pert and brave. The smell of antiseptic cleansers. The ill, so wistful in their rooms, so true. My friend, the one who’s dying, took me out To where the patients go to smoke, IV’s And oxygen in tanks attached to them— A tiny patio for skeletons. We shared A cigarette, which was delicious but Too brief. I held his hand; it felt Like someone’s keys. How beautiful it was, The sunlight pointing down at us, as if We were important, full of life, unbound. I wandered for a moment where his ribs Had made a space for me, and there, beside The thundering waterfall of his heart, I rubbed my eyes and thought, “I’m lost.”Plankton rise toward the full moon spread thin on Wakaya’s surface. Manta rays’ great curls of jaw scoop backward somersaults of ocean in through painted caves of their mouths, out through sliced gills. Red sea fanspulse. The leopard shark lounges on a smooth ramp of sand, skin jeweled with small hangers-on. Pyramid fish point the way to the surface.Ninety feet down, blue ribbon eels cough, their mouths neon cautions. Ghost pipefish curl in the divemaster’s palm. Soft corals unfurl rainbow polyps, thousands of mouths held open to night.Currents’ communion—giant clams slam shut wavy jaws, send shivers of water. Christmas tree worms snap back, flat spirals tight,living petroglyphs against the night.Until nightfall my son ran in the fields, looking for God knows what. Flowers, perhaps. Odd birds on the wing. Something to fill an empty spot.Maybe a luminous angel or a country girl with a secret dark. He came back empty-handed, or so I thought.Now I find them: thistles, goatheads, the barbed weeds all those with hooks or horns the snaggle-toothed, the grinning ones those wearing lantern jaws,old ones in beards, leapers in silk leggings, the multiple pocked moons and spiny satellites, all those with juices and saps like the fingers of thieves nation after nation of grasses that dig in, that burrow, that hug winds and grab handholds in whatever lean place.It’s been a good day.We’d often been included in   the weather, whose changes (as in the   still, portending darknesses of after   noon) were hardly evident, if even   manifest at all. The August rain   over Mixcoac & the deadening   of all aspect at a distance:   yet our sudden wet bodies, firm   swelling divested finally of shirts   & trousers, left beside turbid   footprints on the tiled floor;   this tongue, these lips the lightning   over the unchartered landscape of your   thigh: successive terra nova to   resist the still life of the body;  1   an urban image from the eighties when we hung out at Chez Madam Arthur and at the back of the room women wrapped their arms around nights of ink and dawn ; ; 2   calendar of murmurs vague caresses about the planet and its water we could have confused words but there were doors open confetti in the midst of darkness gentle ways to swoon in a corner with she who put her tongue in my mouth ; ; 3   focus on yes, on the woman’s eyelids caress not silence not word focus beyond. Hold me backTwo guys sucking each other in the steam room didn’t want anything to do with me, evidently— I left them to their comedy. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;*   Legato longings: wish for walnuts, wish for water, wish to exorcise this morning’s debauch— two Fauré nocturnes. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;*   In slow motion Steve tussled with a motorcycle trying to run me over on the boulevard of moon smut   splicing together bridges and lagoons, like the bride of Frankenstein rushing to overtake the inert   Real, a mass of facts, some conjugal, some comic— contrapuntal tenebrae! ;His hand in hold so trigger-tight its blood believes in ghosts. It clings with finger set on steel and waits inside a dream of ducks. The twilight burns into a rising arc of eastern sky as sun reveals herself too proud and instantly receives full-face a splash of mallard flock. A shotgun blasts the yellow into streaming pinks and gives the creek its new-day taste of echoed blood. Two green head ghosts fly through the pulse of dawn upon a trigger’﻿s touch. The creek empties of sound. In silence human fingers find wet feet of web and carry in each hand a bird whose only cry comes in color.I never thought I’d keep a record of my pain or happiness like candles lighting the entire soft lace of the air around the full length of your hair/a shower organized by God in brown and auburn undulations luminous like particles of flame   But now I do retrieve an afternoon of apricots and water interspersed with cigarettes and sand and rocks we walked across: ; ; ; ; ;How easily you held my hand beside the low tide of the world   Now I do relive an evening of retreat a bridge I left behind where all the solid heat of lust and tender trembling lay as cruel and as kind as passion spins its infinite tergiversations in between the bitter and the sweet   Alone and longing for you now I doAll night the sound had come back again, and again falls this quiet, persistent rain.   What am I to myself that must be remembered, insisted upon so often? Is it   that never the ease, even the hardness, of rain falling will have for me   something other than this, something not so insistent— am I to be locked in this final uneasiness.   Love, if you love me, lie next to me. Be for me, like rain, the getting out   of the tiredness, the fatuousness, the semi- lust of intentional indifference. Be wet with a decent happiness.Little paper cuds we made by ripping the corners or edges from homework and class notes then ruminating them into balls we’d flick from our fingertips or catapult with pencils or (sometimes after lunch) launch through striped straws like deadly projectiles toward the necks of enemies and any other target where they’d stick with the tiniest splat, I hope you’re still there, stuck to unreachable ceilings like the beginnings of nests by generations of wasps too ignorant to finish them or under desktops with blunt stalactites of chewing gum, little white words we learned to shape and hold in our mouths while waiting to let them fly, our most tenacious utterance.Out in the orchards the dogs stoodAlmost frozen in the bleak spring night & Mister dragged out into the rows Between his peach trees the old dry limbsBuilding at regular intervals careful pyres While the teeth of the dogs chattered & snapped & the ice began to hang long as whiskersFrom the globes along the branches & at his signal we set the piles of branches ablaze Tending each carefully so as not to scorchThe trees as we steadily fed those flames Just enough to send a rippling glow along Those acres of orchard where that body—Sister Winter—had been held so wisely to the fireDecember 13, 1993 ﻿    John Gordon Boyd died on the birthday of three remarkable, and remarkably different, writers: Heinrich Heine, Kenneth Patchen, Ross McDonald   John, too, was just as remarkable, blessed with an inherent “graciousness” and with extraordinary eyes & ears… ;I think of two texts on the grievous occasion of his death:   “Religion does not help me. The faith that others give to what is unseen, I give to what I can touch, and look at. My Gods dwell in temples made with hands.”   — Oscar Wilde, in De Profundis ;and two lines in Rainier Maria Rilke, John’s favorite poet, that say it all…  Was tun Sie, Gott,Wenn ich bin stürbe?   “What will you do, God, when I am dead?” ﻿Their singer suffered breakdowns. In their work there was a sense of what it was to live there at that time. One song described the dark around the military vehicles between them and the cocaine waiting in Gramercy. It was about the sepsis that followed love or love repeated as farce, the neck neck neck damaged by an anonymous hand unstringing guitars. They got away with it and worked to abolish youth by knitting and paying half-attention. I thought I was in love because my sentiments were matched by a generic, abiding sense of unfreedom. Nothing survives lovers descrying the red flags of old flames. Nothing is more relatable than an unreasonable person operating subtractively, indulgently, out of exasperation.﻿socalled swan of avon n/t but a beaurocrat buggering the buttercups goy from the waist up   now soldiers’re the ones making offers and fucking caravaggio posters maybe the artist had bothered about melancholia   suddenly xe finds xemself walking down some dark corridor   california was truly the promised land for a minute there video marlboro to show us   shoppingcart in dingy water and then turn melancholical   sign reads no squatting switchd on the cathode ray at yr coronation   the bomb droppd w/ regular monotony leaving us wanting ; ;  a to zed dampened a grid   satyrical deliria pan’s baallet in a black tutu   who have the inclination but even whose    necromancer— firelit but dred— —commandeering meadows— protests were patheticif there is a river more beautiful than this bright as the blood red edge of the moon ; ;if   there is a river more faithful than this returning each month to the same delta ; ;if there   is a river braver than this coming and coming in a surge of passion, of pain ; ;if there is   a river more ancient than this daughter of eve mother of cain and of abel ; ;if there is in   the universe such a river ; ;if there is some where water more powerful than this wild water pray that it flows also through animals beautiful and faithful and ancient and female and braveMy liveliest self, I give you fair leave in these windblown weathers, heather-hearted and human and strange, to turn every blackberry corner of yesterday’s summer.   The robin, singing her love-me-forever, kiss-catch-clutch-in the heather blues, sings tide flow and autumn’s turning and white winds folding.   Cattle along all hedges wind winter into their frosty breathing, their slow eyes dreaming barn, bullock, and fodder under all hedges.   But sea cave and sycamore tell us the world is wider than weather. Blackberries darken the corners I turn, and gold seas turning darken, darken.   My liveliest self, my other, Godspeed on our farings. The bronze path at evening. ; ;  Toward summer, then. ; ; ; ;    My hand, your hand— as if first meeting.A tree that grew in the Garden of Eden a tree of innocence called the Tree of Good and Evil. It was harmless   as opposites are in balance. It was also tasteless, the taste of innocence before it is betrayed. When God removed the wall   he gave the lemon thorns and bitterness because it had no hostility. It is a taste we want most to subdue. It asks to be left alone. We use it with fish and tea. We sugar it.   Look out the window. It stands with a donkey’s stance, hoping the day will pass. Its scent through the curtains cuts through mustiness, sharp with sweet blossoms. It hides the smell of new babies. ﻿﻿sun sunwarm sunwarm on back sunwarm on back legs sunwarm on back legs loosens ; ;   my heart ; ;   my heart beats ; ;   my heart beats faster ; ;   in sunwarm my heart beats faster ; ; ; ; ;I flex ; ; ; ; ;I flex legs ; ; ; ; ;I flex legs loose with sunwarm ; ; ; ; ;I drink dew from dripping leaves ; ; ; ; ;I beat ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  flex ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;    crouch ; ; ; ; ;leap! ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; What am I?   (grasshopper)   ﻿And did those feet in ancient time Walk upon Englands mountains green: And was the holy Lamb of God, On Englands pleasant pastures seen!   And did the Countenance Divine, Shine forth upon our clouded hills? And was Jerusalem builded here, Among these dark Satanic Mills?   Bring me my Bow of burning gold: Bring me my arrows of desire: Bring me my Spear: O clouds unfold! Bring me my Chariot of fire!   I will not cease from Mental Fight, Nor shall my sword sleep in my hand: Till we have built Jerusalem, In Englands green & pleasant Land.I am a daughter and a sister. I wonder when I will die. I hear the warm weather coming. I see stars in the day. I want to learn my whole ballet dance. I am a daughter and a sister. I pretend to be a teacher at home. I feel like I am a teacher. I touch hands that are growing. I worry that I will never change. I cry when something or someone dies. I am a daughter and a sister. I understand that teachers work hard for students. I say that I don’t like bullies. I dream about me not moving while trying really hard to run. I try to become a good friend. I hope that there is no more dying or killing. I am a daughter and a sister.No one knew what the stones like squatting frogs signified. There they were, fuming in rows, out of the ground; every critic had his explanation or hers. But—we had to remember—they   came to nothing, every one; those large stones out of the earth served the systems of those who considered them, as explaining something about the past it was important   for the explainer to explain. And yet no one had any idea truly; there was no basis in fact for any view of them, and they remained like their origins—or like   smiling Olmec babies, sweet but ominous figures come from the earth to reproach us, almost cheerfully, for our ignorance—a mystery, just as the probe of our feelings came up with nothing.I passed him by at first. From the photograph Peered sepia eyes, blindered, unappeased From a lair of brows and beard: one not amazed At anything, as if to have looked enough Then turned aside worked best for him—as if Night vision was the discipline that eased The weight of what he saw. A man’s gaze posed Too long in the sun goes blank; comes to grief. That face could be a focus for this back room, For pack-rat papers strewn as if in rage, Fond notes unread: each wary eye a phial Unstopped to let huge Melville out, to calm The sea of pages; Melville in older age: The grown man’s sleepy defiance of denial.for John Fogleman ;There are some things we just don’t talk about— Not even in the morning, when we’re waking, When your calloused fingers tentatively walk The slope of my waist: ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  How love’s a rust-worn boat, Abandoned at the dock—and who could doubt Waves lick their teeth, eyeing its hull? We’re taking Our wreckage as a promise, so we don’t talk. We wet the tired oars, tide drawing us out.   We understand there’s nothing to be said. Both of us know the dangers of this sea, Warned by the tide-worn driftwood of our pasts—. But we’ve already strayed from the harbor. We thread A slow wake though the water—then silently, We start to row, and will for as long as this lasts.The shadows of birds fading on a fighter’s back   The undressing of words on an unstamped postcard   The wet swings in the distant park   The jealousy of raindrops on the umbrella of lovers   The laughter of a boy before a bird   The song of two flutes, two swords, two bracelets, two fingers   The stare of a wave before a pearl   The yearning between the legs of a farmer’s wife   The opening of doors ; ;   closing midday   The sudden howling of our muse—and  les éventails—disturbing the guest inside of usSomeone spoke to me last night, told me the truth. Just a few words, but I recognized it. I knew I should make myself get up, write it down, but it was late, and I was exhausted from working all day in the garden, moving rocks. Now, I remember only the flavor — not like food, sweet or sharp. More like a fine powder, like dust. And I wasn’﻿t elated or frightened, but simply rapt, aware. That’﻿s how it is sometimes — God comes to your window, all bright light and black wings, and you’﻿re just too tired to open it.I am saying primroses lined the pathway of toothless hedges. I am saying the ocean shimmered like corrugated steel in the morning sun. The context of my story changes when you enter. Then I am dung on the wall of the nomad’﻿s field. Then the everyday waking person. I am nodding in your direction like fissures between dandelion fur. Seeing in your manner. I am speaking your pace. Slippage of silk slippers. I say you are losing sight. I say your breasts are dry shells. I am afraid of what I am capable of doing. This is all a manner of stating how I prepare myself to be loved.﻿We dreamed of glowing children, their throats alive and cancerous, their eyes like lightning in the dark.We were uneasy in our skins, sixth grade, a year for blowing up, for learning that nothing containsthat heat which comes from growing, the way our parents seemed at once both tall as cooling towers and crushedbeneath the pressure of small things— family dinners, the evening news, the dead voice of the dial tone.Even the ground was ticking. The parts that grew grew poison. Whatever we ate became a stone.Whatever we said was love became plutonium, became a spark of panic in the buried world.﻿Alone in the library room, even when others Are there in the room, alone, except for themselves: There is the illusion of peace; the air in the room Is stilled; there are reading lights on the tables, Looking as if they're reading, looking as if They're studying the text, and understanding, Shedding light on what the words are saying; But under their steady imbecile gaze the page Is blank, patiently waiting not to be blank. The page is blank until the mind that reads Crosses the black river, seeking the Queen Of the Underworld, Persephone, where she sits By the side of the one who brought her there from Enna, Hades the mute, the deaf, king of the dead letter; She is clothed in the beautiful garment of our thousand Misunderstandings of the sacred text.Pomegranates fell from the trees in our sleep. If we stayed in the sun too long there were aloes to cool the burn. Henbane for predators and succulents when the rain was scarce.   There was no glorified past to point the way true and natural for the sexes to meet. He kept looking to the heavens as if the answer were anywhere but here. I was so bored with our goodness I couldn’t suck the juice from one more pear.   It’s here, I kept telling him,here, rooted in the soil like every other tree you know. And I wove us a bed of its uppermost branches.Me trying to understand say whence say whither, say what, say me with a pencil walking, say reading the dictionary, say learning medieval Latin, reading Spengler, reading Whitehead, William James I loved him, swimming breaststroke and thinking for an hour, how did I get here? Or thinking in line, say the 69 streetcar or 68 or 67 Swissvale, that would take me elsewhere, me with a textbook reading the pre-Socratics, so badly written, whoever the author was, me on the floor of the lighted stacks sitting cross-legged, walking afterwards through the park or sometimes running across the bridges and up the hills, sitting down in our tiny diningroom, burning in a certain way, still burning.We were dancing—it must have been a foxtrot or a waltz, something romantic but requiring restraint, rise and fall, precise execution as we moved into the next song without stopping, two chests heaving above a seven-league stride—such perfect agony, one learns to smile through, ecstatic mimicry being the sine qua non of American Smooth. And because I was distracted by the effort of keeping my frame (the leftward lean, head turned just enough to gaze out past your ear and always smiling, smiling), I didn’t notice how still you’d become until we had done it (for two measures? four?)—achieved flight, that swift and serene magnificence, before the earth remembered who we were and brought us down. ﻿March 10th and the snow flees like eloping brides  into rain. The imperceptible change begins  out of an old rage and glistens, chaste, with its new  craving, spring. May your desire always overcome ;your need; your story that you have to tell,  enchanting, mutable, may it fill the world  you believe: a sunny view, flowers lunging  from the sill, the quilt, the chair, all things ;fill with you and empty and fill. And hurry, because  now as I tire of my studied abandon, counting  the days, I’m sad. Yet I trust your absence, in everything  wholly evident: the rain in the white basin, and I ;vigilant.And if sun comes How shall we greet him? Shall we not dread him, Shall we not fear him After so lengthy a Session with shade? Though we have wept for him, Though we have prayed All through the night-years— What if we wake one shimmering morning to Hear the fierce hammering Of his firm knuckles Hard on the door? Shall we not shudder?— Shall we not flee Into the shelter, the dear thick shelter Of the familiar Propitious haze? Sweet is it, sweet is it To sleep in the coolness Of snug unawareness. The dark hangs heavily Over the eyes. ;X, whom society’s most mild command,  For instance evening dress, infuriates, In art is seen confusingly to stand For disciplined conformity, with Yeats.   Taxed to explain what this resentment is He feels for small proprieties, it comes, He likes to think, from old enormities And keeps the faith with famous martyrdoms.   Yet it is likely, if indeed the crimes His fathers suffered rankle in his blood, That he find least excusable the times When they acceded, not when they withstood.   How else explain this bloody-minded bent To kick against the prickings of the norm; When to conform is easy, to dissent; And when it is most difficult, conform?I ply with all the cunning of my art  This little thing, and with consummate care  I fashion it—so that when I depart,  Those who come after me shall find it fair  And beautiful. It must be free of flaws—  Pointing no laborings of weary hands;  And there must be no flouting of the laws  Of beauty—as the artist understands. ;Through passion, yearnings infinite—yet dumb—  I lift you from the depths of my own mind  And gild you with my soul’s white heat to plumb  The souls of future men. I leave behind  This thing that in return this solace gives:  “He who creates true beauty ever lives.” ﻿The little world, the subject of my muse, Is a huge task and labor infinite; Like to a wilderness or mass confuse, Or to an endless gulf, or to the night: How many strange Meanders do I find? How many paths do turn my straying pen? How many doubtful twilights make me blind, Which seek to limb out this strange All of men? Easy it were the earth to portray out, Or to draw forth the heavens’ purest frame, Whose restless course, by order whirls about Of change and place, and still remains the same. ;But how shall man’s, or manner’s, form appear, ;Which while I write, do change from what they were? ﻿The welcome Sun from sea Freake is returned, And cheereth with his beams the naked earth, Which gains with his coming her apparel And had his absence six long months mourned. Out of her fragrant sides she sends to greet him The rashed primrose and the violet; While she the fields and meadows doth beset With flowers, and hangs the trees with pearl to meet him. Amid this hope and joy she doth forget, To kill the hemlock which doth grow too fast, And chill the adder making too much haste, With his black sons revived with the heat; ; Till summer comes with diverse colours clad, ;  Much like my Epigrams both good and bad. ﻿Methinks 'tis pretty sport to hear a child, Rocking a word in mouth yet undefiled.  The tender racket rudely plays the sound, Which weakly banded cannot back rebound, And the soft air the softer roof does kiss, With a sweet dying and a pretty miss, Which hears no answer yet from the white rank Of teeth, not risen from their coral bank.  The alphabet is searched for letters soft, To try a word before it can be wrought, And when it slides forth, it goes as nice,  As when a man does walk upon the ice.  ﻿Because I have come to the fence at night, the horses arrive also from their ancient stable. They let me stroke their long faces, and I note in the light of the now-merging moonhow they, a Morgan and a Quarter, have been by shake-guttered raindrops spotted around their rumps and thus made Appaloosas, the ancestral horses of this place.Maybe because it is night, they are nervous, or maybe because they too sense what they have become, they seem to be waiting for me to say somethingto whatever ancient spirits might still abide here, that they might awaken from this strange dream, in which there are fences and stables and a man who doesn’t know a single word they understand.An agitation of the air,  A perturbation of the light  Admonished me the unloved year  Would turn on its hinge that night. ;I stood in the disenchanted field  Amid the stubble and the stones,  Amazed, while a small worm lisped to me  The song of my marrow-bones. ;Blue poured into summer blue,  A hawk broke from his cloudless tower,  The roof of the silo blazed, and I knew  That part of my life was over. ;Already the iron door of the north  Clangs open: birds, leaves, snows  Order their populations forth,  And a cruel wind blows.The last full moon of February  stalks the fields; barbed wire casts a shadow.  Rising slowly, a beam moved toward the west  stealthily changing position ;until now, in the small hours, across the snow  it advances on my pillow  to wake me, not rudely like the sun  but with the cocked gun of silence. ;I am alone in a vast room  where a vain woman once slept.  The moon, in pale buckskins, crouches  on guard beside her bed. ;Slowly the light wanes, the snow will melt  and all the fences thrum in the spring breeze  but not until that sleeper, trapped  in my body, turns and turns.Two women on the lone wet strand   (The wind's out with a will to roam)The waves wage war on rocks and sand,    (And a ship is long due home.)The sea sprays in the women's eyes—   (Hearts can writhe like the sea's wild foam)Lower descend the tempestuous skies,   (For the wind's out with a will to roam.)"O daughter, thine eyes be better than mine,"   (The waves ascend high as yonder dome)"North or south is there never a sign?"   (And a ship is long due home.)They watched there all the long night through—   (The wind's out with a will to roam)Wind and rain and sorrow for two—   (And heaven on the long reach home.)Side by side through the streets at midnight, Roaming together, Through the tumultuous night of London, In the miraculous April weather.   Roaming together under the gaslight, Day’s work over, How the Spring calls to us, here in the city, Calls to the heart from the heart of a lover!   Cool to the wind blows, fresh in our faces, Cleansing, entrancing, After the heat and the fumes and the footlights, Where you dance and I watch your dancing.   Good it is to be here together, Good to be roaming, Even in London, even at midnight, Lover-like in a lover’s gloaming.   You the dancer and I the dreamer, Children together, Wandering lost in the night of London, In the miraculous April weather. ﻿We have walked in Love's land a little way, We have learnt his lesson a little while, And shall we not part at the end of day, With a sigh, a smile? A little while in the shine of the sun, We were twined together, joined lips, forgot How the shadows fall when the day is done, And when Love is not. We have made no vows--there will none be broke, Our love was free as the wind on the hill, There was no word said we need wish unspoke, We have wrought no ill. So shall we not part at the end of day, Who have loved and lingered a little while, Join lips for the last time, go our way, With a sigh, a smile? ﻿I used to think the land had something to say to us, back when wildflowers would come right up to your hand as if they were tame. Sooner or later, I thought, the wind would begin to make sense if I listened hard and took notes religiously. That was spring. Now I’m not so sure: the cloudless sky has a flat affect and the fields plowed down after harvest seem so expressionless, keeping their own counsel. This afternoon, nut tree leaves blow across them as if autumn had written us a long letter, changed its mind, and tore it into little scraps.Her hand is at the feedbag at her waist, sunk to the wrist in the rustling grain that nuzzles her fingertips when laced around a sifting handful. It’s like rain, like cupping water in your hand, she thinks, the cracks between the fingers like a sieve, except that less escapes you through the chinks when handling grain. She likes to feel it give beneath her hand’s slow plummet, and the smell, so rich a fragrance she has never quitegot used to it, under the seeming spell of the charm of the commonplace. The white hens bunch and strut, heads cocked, with tilted eyes, till her hand sweeps out and the small grain flies.Too many are leaving ; usually they greet in sleep before dashing as in today with this gentleman ; (awkward not to type his name) when yesterday in the shower ; I remembered his face in Aardvark something about NWA but not about them ; just a played reference There were newspaper clips ; all police brutality, all framed with snow & I vaguely recalled something ; about Uma Thurman & the Menils when the guard ushered me out ; for touching the African sculptures I waited in the lobby for hours ; like this morning reading that he overdosed. It was a hotel ; & I didn’t even know him I don’t even know his workI refuse to settle out of the true choose to communicate through pay phones and paper out here in the country of McAllister & Steiner we are the only Victorians left & I wish I wouldn’t have said that one something that one time when what I really wanted was to finish cutting the okra for the gumbo & read Baudelaire again his L’Invitation au Voyage backwards reveals all of the magic in writing that one can endure each line out loud resounds perfect all week I’ve been thinking about printing a pirated book of such, nothing grand typed on the Remington, 3x4, no address no copyright and fifty limited for whomever I run intofor Alan    This, then, is the gift the world has given me (you have given me) softly the snow cupped in hollows lying on the surface of the pond matching my long white candles which stand at the window which will burn at dusk while the snow fills up our valley this hollow no friend will wander down no one arriving brown from Mexico from the sunfields of California, bearing pot they are scattered now, dead or silent or blasted to madness by the howling brightness of our once common vision and this gift of yours— white silence filling the contours of my life.for Jackson Allen    My friend wears my scarf at his waist I give him moonstones He gives me shell & seaweeds He comes from a distant city & I meet him We will plant eggplants & celery together He weaves me cloth ; ; ; ;Many have brought the gifts ; ; ; ;I use for his pleasure ; ; ; ;silk, & green hills ; ; ; ;& heron the color of dawn My friend walks soft as a weaving on the wind He backlights my dreams He has built altars beside my bed I awake in the smell of his hair & cannot remember his name, or my own.It seems like you could, but  you can’t go back and pull  the roots and runners and replant.  It’s all too deep for that.  You’ve overprized intention,  have mistaken any bent you’re given  for control. You thought you chose  the bean and chose the soil.  You even thought you abandoned  one or two gardens. But those things  keep growing where we put them—  if we put them at all.  A certain kind of Eden holds us thrall.  Even the one vine that tendrils out alone  in time turns on its own impulse,  twisting back down its upward course  a strong and then a stronger rope,  the greenest saddest strongest  kind of hope.The letter said you died on your tractor crossing Shoal Creek. There were no pictures to help the memories fading like mists off the bottoms that last day on the farm when I watched you milk the cows, their sweet breath filling the dark barn as the rain that wasn’t expected sluiced through the rain gutters. I waited for you to speak the loud familiar words about the weather, the failed crops— I would have talked then, too loud, stroking the Holstein moving against her stanchion— but there was only the rain on the tin roof, and the steady swish-swish of milk into the bright bucket as I walked past you, so close we could have touched.A sleeper, they used to call it— four passes with the giant round saw and you had a crosstie, 7 inches by 9 of white oak— at two hundred pounds nearly twice my weight and ready to break finger or toe—  like coffin lids, those leftover slabs, their new-sawn faces turning gold and brown as my own in the hot Virginia sun, drying toward the winter and the woodsaw  and on the day of that chore I turned over a good, thick one looking for the balance point  and roused a three-foot copperhead, gold and brown like the wood, disdaining the shoe it muscled across,  each rib distinct as a needle stitching leather, heavy on my foot as a crosstie.One cuts blocks  From the abundant river,  Hauls them house to house. ;One falls, unseen,  The heart  Inoculated cold ;Against a sky still moving.  Moving even now  Above the river,  The canal.  Willows shimmering ;Across the water,  Muskrats diving out of reach.  The river whispers  Till it freezes— ;A body  Twirling sluggishly  Beneath the surface as again ;One stack, then  Spreads the straw. ;Another falters,  Slips, or  Puts a sliver on your tongue  To feel it melting there—  The ice-lit ;Underworld  Of someone else.Imagine cities you’ve  Inhabited, streets  Paved in lava stone.  You never intended to pray ;In the temples, had  Nothing to sell.  Now imagine yourself ;Returning to those same cities.  Hunt for people you knew,  Knock on their doors.  Ask yourself ;Where are the vases, animals  Etched in gold?  Where are the wines ;From distant places,  Banquets ferreted  From the bowels of the earth?  While you were missing ;Other people wore  Your garments,  Slept in your bed. ;How frightening  The man who said  In his affliction ;Wood has hope.  Cut down  It will flourish. ;If the root grows old  And the trunk withers  In dust, at the scent of water  It will germinate.Home from school at six years old, first grade,  And uncle there to tell me Mommy  Gone, Mommy not be coming back any ;Time soon, Liam, Mommy had to go to  Mental hospital. Nervous breakdown.  Years later Mommy, when she gets out ;Of mental, often says, “If you’re  A bad boy for me Liam you’re  Going to send me back, back ;Into mental hospital, like you did  First time.” At 13  I find out Mom had been doing years ;In a federal prison all that time,  For stealing, so no mental hospital for  Mommy. Breakdown ours alone. ;I was on my own.Soon the summer  Now the pleasant purgatory  Of spring is over, ;Soon the choking  Humidity  In the city ;On the fire escapes  In a sleeveless T-shirt  Smoking a cigar ;In tune with the tremor  Of the mindless yellow  Commercial traffic ;Moving in the city,  Where no one really  Buys a car, ;American  Or otherwise,  Where we will, ;As Rilke said we would  Where we will  Wake, read, write ;Long letters  And in the avenues  Wander restlessly ;To and fro  On foot in  The humidity, ;Where soon I’ll shower, dress,  Take the dog out for a piss,  And mail this.We must stop bragging. There are limits  For us to the cold and the twelfth night ;Marks them all. Just off the coast of Maine  The lobster boats pass, dragging their nets. ;Capsize once in a while, in water  Like that you die, that’s all, that water ;Isn’t even frozen. Not even  Frozen, and that’s as cold as it gets. ;The hearts of birds beat voraciously  So they keep warm, so if you put out ;A feeder, keep it full of the seeds  Their hearts feed on, then it is only ;When their food runs out that you find them  Inexpressibly taut in hollows, ;And that’s as cold as it ever gets.To pass over in silence  Is to acknowledge logic,  The necessity of form, ;The stunning curve of language,  The curious way it seems  To turn out that “love” means “need” ;Even in a lush garden.  To pass over the Red Sea  Or your bounty—so long as ;True silence and not some tense  Paralysis of the false  Is achieved—then Passover ;Is always a charity,  The painted fish in the blue  Water turns to their own colors. ;To pass over in silence  Is to acknowledge you if  This chatter dissolve as it ;Will in the marvelous sky.To celebrate his final Pride, in June,  my friend, lymphatic, thin, and in distress,  managed to dress in drag. He shot the moon:  outstretched, he’d used his dying to think—obsess— ;about the Prada pumps, their skin a snake;  the heavy pantyhose, two pair; the moot  but lacy underthings; the makeup, cake,  to overlay his pain. I called him beaut-    i-ful; he said he felt like Greta Garbo  in Queen Christina (our campy interplay);  I countered that he looked more like a hobo-  sexual in heels. We howled. That day, ;we never left his Castro flat. His rhinestone  glittered, and everywhere, the smell of cologne.in memory, 1929-2004    We choose a cheap hotel  because they’re serving drinks.  We drink. I hear him tell  a tale or two: he thinks ;that so-and-so’s a sleaze;  and then there was the time  that Milosz phoned, oh please.  Another gin with lime? ;I want to say that once,  I saw him dressed in leather,  leaning on a fence  inside a bar. Rather, ;walking to the N,  I gush about his books;  he gives his change to men  who’ve lost their homes and looks: ;how like him, I’ve been told.  Our day together done,  I hug him in the cold.  And then the train is gone.Their long skirts and high heels battled away:  Depending on the ground’s and breezes’ whim,  At times some stocking shone, low on the limb—  Too soon concealed!—tickling our naïveté. ;At times, as well, an envious bug would bite  Our lovelies’ necks beneath the boughs, and we  Would glimpse a flash—white flash, ah! ecstasy!—  And glut our mad young eyes on sheer delight. ;Evening would fall, the autumn day would draw  To its uncertain close: our belles would cling  Dreamingly to us, cooing, whispering  Lies that still set our souls trembling with awe.Gently, let us steep our love  In the silence deep, as thus,  Branches arching high above  Twine their shadows over us. ;Let us blend our souls as one,  Hearts’ and senses’ ecstasies,  Evergreen, in unison  With the pines’ vague lethargies. ;Dim your eyes and, heart at rest,  Freed from all futile endeavor,  Arms crossed on your slumbering breast,  Banish vain desire forever. ;Let us yield then, you and I,  To the waftings, calm and sweet,  As their breeze-blown lullaby  Sways the gold grass at your feet. ;And, when night begins to fall  From the black oaks, darkening,  In the nightingale’s soft call  Our despair will, solemn, sing.Not long ago, or maybe I dreamt it  Or made it up, or have suddenly lost  Track of its train in the hocus pocus  Of the dissolving days; no, if I bend  The turn around the corner, come at it  From all three sides at once, or bounce the ball  Against all manner of bleary-eyed fortune  Tellers—well, you can see for yourselves there’s  Nothing up my sleeves, or notice even  Rocks occasionally break if enough  Pressure is applied. As far as you go  In one direction, all the further you’ll  Have to go on before the way back has  Become totally indivisible.Held in a late season At a shifting of worlds, In the golden balance of autumn, Out of love and reason   We made our peace; Stood still in October In the failing light and sought, Each in the other, ease   And release from silence, From the slow damnation Of speech that is weak And falls from silence.   In the October sun By the green river we spoke, Late in October, the leaves Of the water maples had fallen.   But whatever we said In the bright leaves was lost, Quick as the leaf-fall, Brittle and blood red. ; ; ; ; ;   For Kenneth Rexroth, 1950Laid out flat  in the back of the station wagon my father borrowed  I look up:  the leaves are immense,  green and golden with clear summer light  breaking through –  though I turn only my neck  I can see all of them  along this avenue that has no limits. ;What does it matter  that I am only eyes  if I am to be carried  so lightly  under the trees of the world?  From beyond the numbness of my strange body  the wealth of the leaves  falls forever  into my small still watching.Dead to the world I have failed you  Forgive me, traveller. ;Thirsty, I was no fountain  Hungry, I was not bread  Tired, I was no pillow ;Forgive my unwritten poems:  the many I have frozen with irony  the many I have trampled with anger  the many I have rejected in self-defence  the many I have ignored in fear ;unaware, blind or fearful  I ignored them.  They clamoured everywhere  those unwritten poems.  They sought me out day and night  and I turned them away. ;Forgive me the colours  they might have worn  Forgive me their eclipsed faces  They dared not venture from  the unwritten lines. ;Under each inert hour of my silence  died a poem, unheededSomeone will push the house over one day,  Some spacedozer give it a shove,  But the cobbles we laid down here in the yard,  These are a labour of love. ;All winter we set these cobbles in place,  Or was it the summer as well?  Sorting through lumpy bluestone pitchers  For ones that looked suitable. ;The old house decayed – along with us –  Will a strange new resident  Admire the patio made in joy  Wondering what we meant? ;Things fall apart, the poet wrote,  Certainties crumble and move  But the cobbles oddly plotted together,  These are our labour of love.The sun met the moon at the corner ; ;   noon in thin air ;Commotion you later ; ;   choose to notice ;Love shapes the heart ; ;   that once was pieces ;You take in hand ; ;   the heart in mind ;Your fate’s consistent ; ;   alongside mine ;Unless a mess ; ;   your best guess ;That is right, thanks, the intimate ; ;   fact that you elect it ;At corners, dressed or naked, with lips taste ; ; ; ; full body, time thick or thin, fixated ;Love, take heart ; ;   as heart takes shape ;And recognition ; ;   ceases to be obscure ;One line down the center ; ;   another flying outward entersA man began to eat his order of fish, and the ghost of the fish arose and spoke. Forgive me, it said, please hear me. I died in despair, which is, as you know, the worst of the deadly sins. As I slowly suffocated in the alien air, I gave up hope of salvation, and so died without the consolation of religion. In your compassion and mercy, have a Mass said for me, and pray for my soul. With that, the ghost of the fish vanished, and the man, congratulating himself on possessing the carcass of such a remorseful creature, tucked in.Suppose I were to eat you  I should probably begin  with the fingers, the cheeks and the breasts  yet all of you would tempt me,  so powerfully spicy  as to discompose my choice. ;While I gobbled you up  delicacy by tidbit  I should lay the little bones  ever so gently round my plate  and caress the bigger bones  like ivory talismans. ;When I had quite devoured the edible you  (your tongue informing my voice-box)  I would wake in the groin of night  to feel, ever so slowly,  your plangent, ravishing ghost  munching my fingers and toes. ;Here, with an awkward, delicate gesture  someone slides out his heart  and offers it on a spoon,  garnished with adjectives.The river brought down dead horses, dead men and military debris, indicative of war or official acts upstream, but it went by, it all goes by, that is the thing about the river. Then a soldier on a log went by. He seemed drunk and we asked him Why had he and this junk come down to us so from the past upstream. “Friends,” he said, “the great Battle of Granicus has just been won by all of the Greeks except the Lacedaemonians and myself: this is a joke between me and a man named Alexander, whom all of you ba bas will hear of as a god.”I look through glass and see a young woman of twenty, washing dishes, and the window turns into a painting. She is myself thirty years ago. She holds the same blue bowls and brass teapot I still own. I see her outline against lamplight; she knows only her side of the pane. The porch where I stand is empty. Sunlight fades. I hear water run in the sink as she lowers her head, blind to the future. She does not imagine I exist.   I step forward for a better look and she dissolves into lumber and paint. A gate I passed through to the next life loses shape. Once more I stand squared into the present, among maple trees and scissor-tailed birds, in a garden, almost a mother to that faint, distant woman.Oh, laud the Lord, the God of hosts commend, ;   Exalt his pow’r, advance his holiness: ;   With all your might lift his almightiness; Your greatest praise upon his greatness spend.   Make trumpet’s noise in shrillest notes ascend; ;   Make lute and lyre his loved fame express; ;   Him let the pipe, him let the tabret bless, Him organ’s breath, that winds or waters lend.   Let ringing timbrels so his honor sound, ;   Let sounding cymbals so his glory ring, ;   That in their tunes such melody be found As fits the pomp of most triumphant king.   Conclude: by all that air or life enfold, ;   Let high Jehovah highly be extolled.Last night something ; ;   tunneled through the elms.   But at sunrise, ; ;   I found just white light   biting my eyelids, salt ; ;   rubbed on a wound.   Batons of ice ; ;   fell from power lines, ; ;   soundless but still emphatic. ; ;   Then the rain   churned the snow to soap ; ;   scum, waxing cars with   winter’s lichen, patchy ; ;   in the strange   uneven fur of newborns. ; ;   And still, I was childless.   One cardinal ; ;   lodged on a branch:   a blood-drop ; ;   striking water   before the slow dispersion.To invent the alef-beit, decipher the grammar of crows, read a tangle of bare branches with vowels of the last leaves scrawling their jittery speech on the sky’s pale page.   Choose a beginning. See what God yields and dirt cedes when tines disturb fescue, vetch, and sage, when your hand dips grain from a sack, scattering it among engraved furrows.   Beyond the hill, a plume of dust where oxen track the hours. Does God lead or follow or scout? To answer, count to one again and again: a red maple leaf and a yellow maple leaf that wind rifles and rain shines until they let go, blazing their scripted nothingness on air.A long time have I known you... Why, Full eighteen years, I must confess! All pink are you; pale, blear am I. Winters, mine; yours, spring’s comeliness!   White cemetery lilacs sprout Over my temples; but soon, now, The grove entire will bloom about My head, to shade my withered brow.   Pallid, my sun sinks low, and will Soon fade on the horizon’s face; And on the mournful, doleful hill I see my final dwelling-place.   Oh! May you from your lips let fall A kiss, too long delayed, upon My own, so that beneath my pall I may rest, heart at peace, anon...Come, fallen angel, and your pink wings close; Doff your white robe, your rays that gild the skies; You must—from heaven, where once you used to rise— Streak, like a shooting star, fall into prose.   Your bird’s feet now must strike an earthly pose. It is no time to fly: walk! Lock your prize— Your harp’s fair harmonies—in resting wise, Within your heart: vain, worthless treasures those!   Poor child of heaven, but vainly would you sing: To them your tongue divine means not a thing! Their ear is closed to your sweet chords! But this   I beg: O blue-eyed angel, first, before You leave, find my pale love, whom I adore, And give her brow one long, last farewell kiss.They talk of short-lived pleasure–be it so–   Pain dies as quickly: stern, hard-featured pain Expires, and lets her weary prisoner go.   The fiercest agonies have shortest reign;   And after dreams of horror, comes again The welcome morning with its rays of peace.   Oblivion, softly wiping out the stain,Makes the strong secret pangs of shame to cease:Remorse is virtue’s root; its fair increase   Are fruits of innocence and blessedness:Thus joy, o’erborne and bound, doth still release   His young limbs from the chains that round him press. Weep not that the world changes–did it keepA stable, changeless state, ’twere cause indeed to weep.Elizabeth, The Lodge at Woodstock, 1554 ;  Less than the charting of each dawn’s resolutions,  less than each evening’s trickle of doubt,  less than a crown’s weight in silver, a diamond’s ; ; ; ;scratch against glass, less than the touted ;ill luck of my rich beginnings—and yet  more than Eve’s silence, my mute ingratitude.  More than music’s safe passage, its rapturous net,  more than this stockpile of words, their liquid solicitude; ; ;    more desired than praise (the least-prized of my dreams),  less real than dreaming (castle keep for my sins),  more than no more, which seems  much less than hoped-for, again— ;one mutiny, quelled; one wish lost, a forgotten treasure:  to live without scrutiny, beyond constant measure.; ; ;    Up here, with June, the sycamore throws ; ; ; ;   Across the window a whispering screen; ;    I shall miss the sycamore more, I suppose, Than anything else on this earth that is out in green. ; ;    But I mean to go through the door without fear, ; ;    Not caring much what happens here ; ; ; ; ;   When I’m away:— How green the screen is across the panes ; ; ;Or who goes laughing along the lanes ;   With my old lover all summer day.Not for that city of the level sun, ; Its golden streets and glittering gates ablaze— ; The shadeless, sleepless city of white days, White nights, or nights and days that are as one— We weary, when all is said , all thought, all done. ; We strain our eyes beyond this dusk to see ; What, from the threshold of eternity We shall step into. No, I think we shun The splendour of that everlasting glare,    The clamour of that never-ending song.    And if for anything we greatly long, It is for some remote and quiet stair ; Which winds to silence and a space for sleep ; Too sound for waking and for dreams too deep.In sympathy with Gaspara Stampa    By woman so touched, so pressed, detachment being thought achievable at all   is boggling in itself. Its being thought achievable by love—but love for only all (not someone’s single) sentience—   appears the precept of too cold a form of flame. How much of a hand in things   relinquishes the hold of things-at-hand? What kiss might such   a mind reclaim? A swirl of dust in Buddhist schools, perhaps. A view of several solar   systems from above. Not love. The thought   appeals as it appals: Slow learners, we must spurn the selving sensualities, to feel   for feelers of this kind, unfasten passion’s burner to identify what’s under it—   in short, must court dispassion just to be compassionate.It happens again As soon as I take down her book and open it.   I turn the page. My skies rise higher and hang younger stars.   The ship's rail freezes.Mare Hibernicum leads to Anne Bradstreet's coast.  A blackbird leaves her pine trees And lands in my spruce trees.  I open my door on a Dublin street. Her child/her words are staring up at me: In better dress to trim thee was my mind,But nought save home-spun cloth, i' th' house I find.  We say home truths Because her words can be at home anywhere—   At the source, at the end and whenever The book lies open and I am again   An Irish poet watching an English woman Become an American poet.Thou blossom bright with autumn dew, And colored with the heaven’s own blue, That openest when the quiet light Succeeds the keen and frosty night.   Thou comest not when violets lean O’er wandering brooks and springs unseen, Or columbines, in purple dressed, Nod o’er the ground-bird’s hidden nest.   Thou waitest late and com’st alone, When woods are bare and birds are flown, And frosts and shortening days portend The aged year is near his end.   Then doth thy sweet and quiet eye Look through its fringes to the sky, Blue-blue-as if that sky let fall A flower from its cerulean wall.   I would that thus, when I shall see The hour of death draw near to me, Hope, blossoming within my heart, May look to heaven as I depart.It was fifty cents a game ; ;    beneath exhausted ceiling fans, the smoke’s old spiral. Hooded lights ; ;    burned distant, dull. I was tired, but you insisted on one more, so I chalked ; ;    the cue—the bored blue—broke, scratched. It was always possible ; ;    for you to run the table, leave me nothing. But I recall the easy ; ;    shot you missed, and then the way we both studied, circling—keeping ; ;    what you had left me between us.Where did you get such a dirty face, My darling dirty-faced child?   I got it from crawling along in the dirt And biting two buttons off Jeremy’s shirt. I got it from chewing the roots of a rose And digging for clams in the yard with my nose. I got it from peeking into a dark cave And painting myself like a Navajo brave. I got it from playing with coal in the bin And signing my name in cement with my chin. I got it from rolling around on the rug And giving the horrible dog a big hug. I got it from finding a lost silver mine And eating sweet blackberries right off the vine. I got it from ice cream and wrestling and tears And from having more fun than you’ve had in years.She had the jitters She had the flu She showed up late She missed her cue She kicked the director She screamed at the crew And tripped on a prop And fell in some goo And ripped her costume A place or two Then she forgot A line she knew And went “Meow” Instead of “Moo” She heard ‘em giggle She heard ‘em boo The programs sailed The popcorn flew As she stomped offstage With a boo-hoo-hoo The fringe of the curtain Got caught in her shoe The set crashed down The lights did too Maybe that’s why she didn’t want to do An interview.As the doors glide shut behind me, the world flares back into being— I exist again, recover myself, sunlight undimmed by dark panes, the heat on my arms the earth’s breath. The wind tongues me to my feetlike a doe licking clean her newborn fawn. At my back, days measured by vital signs, my mouth opened and arm extended, the nighttime cries of a man withered child-size by cancer, and the bellsof emptied IVs tolling through hallways. Before me, life—mysterious, ordinary— holding off pain with its muscular wings. As I step to the curb, an orange moth dives into the basket of rosesthat lately stood on my sickroom table, and the petals yield to its persistent nudge, opening manifold and golden.My sister and I went out to them with sugar cubes and bridled their heads when they bent down to eat from our palms. We led them over to the long white fence on which we climbed to the topmost rail, then threw our legs across their backs, clutching the reins to steady ourselves against their girth, steering them out into the hills until we were lost, or thought we were, only to find ourselves at Judith Creek or Holcomb Rock where we’d turn back in the early dark, gripping their manes, crouching low, galloping hard on the high soft road across the fields to the open barn.Never mind the pins And needles I am on. Let all the other instruments Of torture have their way. While air-conditioners Freeze my coffee I watch the toaster Eating my toast. Did I press the right Buttons on all these Buttonless surfaces Daring me to press them? Did you gasp on seeing what The mailman just brought?   Will the fellow I saw pedaling Across the bridge live long After losing his left leg, His penis, and his bike To fearlessness? Will his sad wife find Consolation with the Computer wizard called in Last year to deal with glitches?   Did you defuse the boys’ Bomb before your house Was under water, same As everything else? Aunt Til grabbed her Silver hand mirror Before floating away. The dog yelped constantly, Tipping our canoe. Silly dog.Ever imagining the dire, the sudden the menace with no thought of the gradual, the lingering itch of whatever. That was my sister. A stomach ache had to be diagnosed. “Oh, come on, it’s no big deal.” “How do you know? You aren’t me.”   At the doctor’s office she waited. He reached for his stethoscope, held it to her back and put it away in his pocket. Then, leaning across his desk, he asked importantly, “How long have you been eating your hair?” She couldn’t answer.   After surgery they came into the recovery room where she had just wakened. “You are a lucky lady. We found nothing.” She had an incision and several visitors. Besides, she was so lucky (incisions heal) and not a little disgusted.   “Me, eating my hair.”But it says nothing. And one is as quiet as if to say nothing moves me. Then there is the chair. And one speaks of the chair sitting at the table. Scraping against surfaces, opening the mouth. The object is a piece of thing before. One shifts in a chair and opens the talk. And the time it says nothing one moves. The table is too long as the wall. Not a thing but it stays and one opens as a mouth will begin. Speaking of the table, nothing but to avoid that of the wall. One could return over and over to the chair, the wall one is sitting at. Least ways it says nothing. And the thing is, it stays still before speaking of. The object of nothing, even speech.the rooms are chosen, then they move on the beads are wetted in the lime the weedlot boils in the blood of one eye the children first are cankered then they spin   there are not routes, only dials the rocks are spun together in one ball the laundry is of rust, the pillow shrieks pianos all blow northward and return   must be a bath if  I could find it is a map of all the ways that center intermission skulls are simply caps for all compression day’s light raising closets for its dark   I put up the clothes and trail the keys that onyx knob in vacuum turns the train pressure on the pitches swaying back again a world without a heartbeat but it staysI sing this morning: Hello, hello. I proclaim the bright day of the soul. The sun is a good fellow, the devil is a good guy, no deaths today I know. I live because I live. I do not die because I cannot die. In Tuscan sunlight Masaccio painted his belief that St. Peter’s shadow cured a cripple, gave him back his sight. I’ve come through eighty-five summers. I walk in sunlight. In my garden, death questions every root, flowers reply. I know the dark night of the soul does not need God’s eye, as a beggar does not need a hand or a bowl.When Isaac, a small, freckled boyapproaching seven, visits us for Family Camp,playing pirate with his rubber sword,sometimes he slumps in grief, trudging along, his sacrifice and small violinin hand, his palm over his chest,saying, Mother is here in my heart. Before he leaves for home, we ask if he’d like a Jewish blessing.Our grandson’s handsome face ignites;he chirps a rousing, yes, for a long life.We unfold the prayer shawl,its Hebrew letters silvering the spring light,hold the white tallis above his head,recite the blessing in its ancient languageand then the English, adding, for a long life.Isaac complains, the tallis didn’ttouch his head, so he didn’t feel the blessing.We lower its silken ceilingto graze his dark hair,repeat the prayer.I don’t know. I still can’t get it right, the way those dirt roads cut across the flatsand led to shacks where hounds and muddy shoatsskulked roundabouts. Describing it sounds triteas hell, the good old South I love to hate.The truth? What’s that? How should I know?I stayed inside too much. I learned to boastof stupid things. I kept my ears shut tight,as we kept doors locked, windows locked,the curtains drawn. Now I know why. The dark could hide things from us. Dark could seewhat we could not. Sometimes those dirt roads shockedme, where they ended up: I watched a dog diein the ditch. The man who shot him winked at me.The first track still almost swings. High hat and snare, even A few bars of sax the stratosphere will singe-out soon enough. Synthesized strings. Then something like cellophane Breaking in as if snagged to a shoe. Crinkle and drag. White noise, Black noise. What must be voices bob up, then drop, like metal shavings In molasses. So much for us. So much for the flags we bored Into planets dry as chalk, for the tin cans we filled with fire And rode like cowboys into all we tried to tame. Listen: The dark we've only ever imagined now audible, thrumming, Marbled with static like gristly meat. A chorus of engines churns. Silence taunts: a dare. Everything that disappears Disappears as if returning somewhere.Someone was searching for a Form of Fire. Bird-eyed, the wind watched. Four deer in a blowsy meadow. As though it were simply random, a stately stare.   What’s six and six and two and ten? Time that my eye ached, my heart shook, why. Mistaking lime for lemon. Dressed in cobalt, charcoal, thistle—and control.   If they had more they would need less. A proposal from the squinting logician. Seems we are legal, seems we are ill. Ponderous purpose, are you weather, are you wheel?   Gold with a heart of cinder. Little blue chip dancing in the light of the loom. Mistress, May-girl, whom will you kiss? The death of water is the birth of air.I believe there is a song that is stranger than wind, that sips the scald 
from the telling, toss, toss. In the room I move in, a wrecked boy listened 
to each sky’s erasing, for it was shrill winter, for it was blast and blur. 
For it was farther from the native birds and the gray heath heather and 
the uncaressable thighs of the one who shook in violet. Those who fly 
farthest must always burn the nest. But the mind in its implacable spec- 
trum dims to brown. Must you die on your back like a cheap engine, rust 
and wrack? In the crevicing days, there are no words for prizing, be- 
tween the lidless moon and the silver hands of the fountain. But if it is 
space you must fail in, teach it din. ; ; ;Freedom is a rocket,  isn’t it, bursting  orgasmically over  parkloads of hot  dog devouring  human beings  or into the cities  of our enemies  without whom we  would surely  kill ourselves  though they are  ourselves and  America I see now  is the soldier  who said I saw  something  burning on my  chest and tried  to brush it off with  my right hand  but my arm  wasn’t there—  America is no  other than this  moment, the  burning ribcage,  the hand gone  that might have  put it out, the skies  afire with our history.We called off the search,  and the weary climbed down from the glacier  with their dogs exhausted in the spring sun  too tired to eat the ice in their paws. ;We had called his name, mostly for show,  a ritual that kept us moving: in the high bowls,  their stunted pines predating the flood,  in the steep ravines sliding loose with scree,  loudly at first, then speaking it to each other  then spelling it out on forms required by law. ;It is a form of praying, he claimed, to walk  out to the very edge of your life. Every time  the reply comes clear as a stone  at our thin crowns. It misses  almost every time, humming as it goes.Because I feel that, in the Heavens above, The angels, whispering to one another, Can find, among their burning terms of love, None so devotional as that of “Mother,” Therefore by that dear name I long have called you— You who are more than mother unto me, And fill my heart of hearts, where Death installed you In setting my Virginia's spirit free. My mother—my own mother, who died early, Was but the mother of myself; but you Are mother to the one I loved so dearly, And thus are dearer than the mother I knew By that infinity with which my wife Was dearer to my soul than its soul-life.Why speak of hate, when I do bleed for love? Not hate, my love, but Love doth bite my tongue Till I taste stuff that makes my rhyming rough So flatter I my fever for the one For whom I inly mourn, though seem to shun. A rose is arrows is eros, so what If I confuse the shade that I’ve become With winedark substance in a lover’s cup? But stop my tonguely wound, I’ve bled enough. If I be fair, or false, or freaked with fear If I my tongue in lockèd box immure Blame not me, for I am sick with love. ; Yet would I be your friend most willingly ; Since friendship would infect me killingly.I didn’t think handsome then, I thought my father the way he saunters down Main Street, housewives, shopkeepers, mechanics calling out, children running up to get Lifesavers. The way he pauses to chat, flipping his lighter open, tamping the Lucky Strike on his thumbnail.I sneak into his den when he’s out, tuck into the kneehole of his desk and sniff his Zippo until dizzy, emboldened; then play little tricks, mixing red and black inks in his fountain pen, twisting together paperclips. If I lift the telephone receiverquietly, I can listen in on our party line. That’s how I hear two women talking about him. That’s why my mother finds me that night sleepwalking, sobbing. “It’s all right,” she tells me,“you had a nightmare, come to bed.”I language want to dress my fancies in, The hair's uncurled, the garment's loose and thin.Had they but silver lace to make them gay,They'd be more courted than in poor array; Or, had they art, would make a better show;But they are plain; yet cleanly do they go.The world in bravery doth take delight,And glistering shows do more attract the sight: And every one doth honor a rich hood,As if the outside made the inside good.And every one doth bow and give the place, Not for the man's sake but the silver lace.Let me intreat in my poor book's behalf,That all will not adore the golden calf.Consider, pray, gold hath no life therein,And life, in nature, is the richest thing.Be just, let Fancy have the upper place,And then my verses may perchance find grace.Forget the corncrake’s elegy. Rusty  Iambics that escaped your discipline  Of shorn lawns, it is sustained by nature.  It does not grieve for you, nor for itself.  You remember the rolled gold of cornfields,  Their rustling of tinsel in the wind,  A whole field quivering like blown silk? ;A shiver now runs through the laurel hedge,  And washing flutters like the swaying lines  Of a new verse. The high fidelity  Music of the newly-wed obscures your  Dedication to a life of loving  Money. What could they be for, those marble  Toilet fixtures, the silence of water-beds,  That book of poems you bought yesterday?They had questioned him for hours. Who exactly was he? And when  He told them, they questioned him again. When they accepted who he was, as  Someone not involved, they pulled out his fingernails. Then  They took him to a waste-ground somewhere near the Horseshoe Bend, and told him  What he was. They shot him nine times. ;A dark umbilicus of smoke was rising from a heap of burning tyres.  The bad smell he smelt was the smell of himself. Broken glass and knotted Durex.  The knuckles of a face in a nylon stocking. I used to see him in the Gladstone Bar,  Drawing pints for strangers, his almost perfect fingers flecked with scum.This is the room.  Where mole guests are welcomed.  At this moment you see the wedding table prepared for the mole guests. ;Rooms are heated with stoves.  Rooms have been designed according to the patriarchal way of living.  The family has, consists of, father, mather, sons and brides.  There is no sex discrimination within the family.  They artogether, have meal and altogether chat, but when the doors are clased. ;Mole guests are welcomed in “Selamlik” part.  Femole guests are welcomed in “Harem” part.  On such occasions mole guests are served via the cupboard in the wall ; ; ;  which turns on its axis.For Christ’s sake, learn to type and have something to fall back on.   Be someone, make something of yourself, look at Gertrudo Ganley.   Always draw the curtains when the lights are on.   Have nothing to do with the Shantalla gang, get yourself a right man with a Humber Sceptre.   For Christ’s sake wash your neck before going into God’s house.   Learn to speak properly, always pronounce your ings. Never smoke on the street, don’t be caught dead in them shameful tight slacks,   spare the butter, economise,   and for Christ’s sake at all times, watch your language.Stronger than alcohol, more great than song,  deep in whose reeds great elephants decay,  I, an island, sail, and my shoes toss  on a fragrant evening, fraught with sadness  bristling hate.  It’s true, I weep too much. Dawns break  slow kisses on the eyelids of the sea,  what other men sometimes have thought they’ve seen.  And since then I’ve been bathing in the poem  lifting her shadowy flowers up for me,  and hurled by hurricanes to a birdless place  the waving flags, nor pass by prison ships  O let me burst, and I be lost at sea!  and fall on my knees then, womanly.banging around in a cigarette ; she isn’t “in love”  my dream a drink with Ira Hayes we discuss the code of the west  my hands make love to my body when my arms are around you  you never tell me your name  and I am forced to write “belly” when I mean “love”  Au revoir, scene!  I waken, read, write long letters and  wander restlessly when leaves are blowing  my dream a crumpled horn  in advance of the broken arm  she murmurs of signs to her fingers  weeps in the morning to waken so shackled with love  Not me. I like to beat people up.  My dream a white treeI like to beat people up  absence of passion, principles, love. She murmurs  What just popped into my eye was a fiend’s umbrella  and if you should come and pinch me now  as I go out for coffee  . . . as I was saying winter of 18 lumps  Days produce life locations to banish 7 up  Nomads, my babies, where are you? Life’s  My dream which is gunfire in my poem  Orange cavities of dreams stir inside “The Poems”  Whatever is going to happen is already happening  Some people prefer “the interior monologue”  I like to beat people upHis piercing pince-nez. Some dim frieze  Hands point to a dim frieze, in the dark night.  In the book of his music the corners have straightened:  Which owe their presence to our sleeping hands.  The ox-blood from the hands which play  For fire for warmth for hands for growth  Is there room in the room that you room in?  Upon his structured tomb:  Still they mean something. For the dance  And the architecture.  Weave among incidents  May be portentous to him  We are the sleeping fragments of his sky,  Wind giving presence to fragments.La luna Sang the miles por los palos de Nebraska You bunch of lights And houses    How did you walk to this place Buffalo Bill Better know him some Spanish Para Horses    ride rubber horseshoes moderno.   El café Boiled water/no milk in sight. Homes that will travel interstate 8 o tomorrow in the morning for the next edge of town.   The cowgirls/the local rodeo As they galloped by their hair unmoved by 15 miles per hour wind It seems that 25 pounds of hair spray is enough to hold a mountain down Their hair style longer than their faces. Que Pasa? Y los palos do not feel at home any more La luna goes round the star dotted cielo Let’s watch In this part of Mexico Se habla inglish.Someone said you were dead it’s not that I didn’t care You were not bacterial You were not frozen water in winter You were not a hairbrush broken by hair You were a treasure of gold in the world-toilet For you appraised the world of grains And flung the earth to the earth The good wine is mixed with the bad wine, come to the wine jar’s lips and let’s unmix it Poor people only have one soul but you and I have two let’s go on vacation to Mexico or Rome Everybody returns home How should old people associate with young people? Shut up—Be like a compass. The King has erased your name from the book of speechdreaming the lives of the ancestors, you awake, justly terrified of this world:you could dance underwater and not get wet, you hear, but the pressure is drowning you:  you’re awake, but just terrified of this world, where all solids are ice: underwater boogie, you hear, but the press sure is drowning you: the igbo were walking, not dancing: where all solids are ice, underwater boogie is good advice, because they’re quick to melt: the igbo were straight up walking, not dancing: and you’ve still got to get through this life:   take my advice, quickly: they’re melting:you could dance underwater and not get wet: and you’ve got to, to get through this life still dreaming the lives of the ancestorsFour weeks in, quarreling and far from home, we came to the loneliest place. A western railroad town. Remember? I left you at the campsite with greasy pans and told our children not to follow me. The dying light had made me desperate. I broke into a hobbled run, across tracks, past warehouses with sun-blanked windows to where a playground shone in a wooded clearing. Then I was swinging, out over treetops. I saw myself never going back, yet whatever breathed in the mute woods was not another life. The sun sank. I let the swing die, my toes scuffed earth, and I was rocked into remembrance of the girl who had dreamed the life I had. Through night, dark at the root, I returned to it.Is this the river East I heard?— Where the ferries, tugs and sailboats stirred And the reaching wharves from the inner land Ourstretched, like the harmless receiving hand—   And the silvery tinge that sparkles aloud Like the brilliant white demons, which a tide has towed From the rays of the morning sun Which it doth ceaselessly shine upon.   But look at the depth of the drippling tide The dripples, reripples like the locusts astride; As the boat turns upon the silvery spread It leaves—strange—a shadow dead.   And the very charms from the reflective river And from the stacks of the floating boat— There seemeth the quality ne’er to dissever Like the ruffles from the mystified smoke.Brave comrade, answer! When you joined the war, ;What left you? “Wife and children, wealth and friends, ;A storied home whose ancient roof-tree bends ;Above such thoughts as love tells o’er and o’er.” Had you no pang or struggle? “Yes; I bore ;Such pain on parting as at hell’s gate rends ;The entering soul, when from its grasp ascends ;The last faint virtue which on earth it wore.” You loved your home, your kindred, children, wife; ;You loathed yet plunged into war’s bloody whirl!— ;What urged you? “Duty! Something more than life. That which made Abraham bare the priestly knife, ;And Isaac kneel, or that young Hebrew girl ;Who sought her father coming from the strife.”Oh, slow to smite and swift to spare, Gentle and merciful and just! Who, in the fear of God, didst bear The sword of power, a nation’s trust!  In sorrow by thy bier we stand, Amid the awe that hushes all, And speak the anguish of a land That shook with horror at thy fall.  Thy task is done; the bond are free: We bear thee to an honored grave, Whose proudest monument shall be The broken fetters of the slave.  Pure was thy life; its bloody close Hath placed thee with the sons of light, Among the noble host of those Who perished in the cause of Right.(1864)    Listless he eyes the palisades ; And sentries in the glare; ’Tis barren as a pelican-beach— ; But his world is ended there.   Nothing to do; and vacant hands ; Bring on the idiot-pain; He tries to think—to recollect, ; But the blur is on his brain.   Around him swarm the plaining ghosts ; Like those on Virgil’s shore— A wilderness of faces dim, ; And pale ones gashed and hoar.   A smiting sun. No shed, no tree; ; He totters to his lair— A den that sick hands dug in earth ; Ere famine wasted there,   Or, dropping in his place, he swoons, ; Walled in by throngs that press, Till forth from the throngs they bear him dead— ;  Dead in his meagerness.After the news, the forecaster crowed With excitement about his bad tidings: Eighteen inches of snow! Take cover! A little shiver ran through the community. Children abandoned their homework. Who cared about the hypotenuse now? The snowplow driver laid out his long johns. The old couple, who’d barked at each other At supper, smiled shyly, turned off the TV, And climbed the stairs to their queen-size bed Heaped high with blankets and quilts.And the aging husky they failed to hear Scratch the back door, turned around twice In the yard, settled herself in the snow, And covered her nose with her tail.As cars pass, laboring through the slush, a boy, bundled against the stiff wind in his snow suit, gloves, and scarf, leans on his upright toboggan,waiting his turn atop the snow-packed overpass—the highest point in town. First one car exits, and then another, each creeping down the icy ramp. The brown grass pokes through the two grooves carved in the short hill. As the second car fishtails to a stop at the bottom, brake lights glowing on the dirty snow, the boy’s turn comes. His trip to the bottom is swift— only a second or two— and he bails out just before the curb. It’s not much, but it’s sledding in Wichita.It’s the way they cannot understand the window they buzz and buzz against, the bees that take a wrong turn at my door and end up thus in a drift at first of almost idle curiosity, cruising the room until they find themselves smack up against it and they cannot fathom how the air has hardened and the world they know with their eyes keeps out of reach as, stuck there with all they want just in front of them, they must fling their bodies against the one unalterable law of things—this fact of glass—and can only go on making the sound that tethers their electricfury to what’s impossible, feeling the sting in it.;  Thanks, Ray, this is just what the doctor ordered. ;   No, you never see me have one with olives—your father likes olives but I can’t stand them. ;   No, cocktail onions are just picked small. Turn that down, Dan. ; ; ;Avocados, toothpicks. Coleus, root sprawl. ; ;   The diffident glints of a late-day sun, rays ; ;   splintered by leaves: they shake and, in their ; ;   shaking, streak the light. Transparent murk ; ;   of glasses at the glass. ;   Would you move just one inch over? There. The light was in my eye.You can get there from here, though there’s no going home.   Everywhere you go will be somewhere you’ve never been. Try this:   head south on Mississippi 49, one- by-one mile markers ticking off   another minute of your life. Follow this to its natural conclusion—dead end   at the coast, the pier at Gulfport where riggings of shrimp boats are loose stitches   in a sky threatening rain. Cross over the man-made beach, 26 miles of sand   dumped on the mangrove swamp—buried terrain of the past. Bring only   what you must carry—tome of memory, its random blank pages. On the dock   where you board the boat for Ship Island, someone will take your picture:   the photograph—who you were— will be waiting when you return.Summer’s sweet theatrum! The boy lunges through The kitchen without comment, slams the door. An Elaborate evening drama. I lug his forlorn weight From floor to bed. Beatific lips and gap-   Toothed. Who stayed late to mope and swim, then Breach chimneys of lake like a hooked gar Pressing his wet totality against me. Iridescent Laughter and depraved. Chromatic his constant state. At   Ten, childhood took off like a scorched dog. Turned His head to see my hand wave from a window, and I too saw The hand untouching, distant from. What fathering- Fear slaked the impulse to embrace him? Duration!   An indefinite continuation of life. I whirled out wings. Going Toward. And Lord Child claimed now, climbing loose.I like to see it lap the Miles - And lick the Valleys up -  And stop to feed itself at Tanks -  And then - prodigious step Around a Pile of Mountains -  And supercilious peer In Shanties - by the sides of Roads -  And then a Quarry pare To fit its sides And crawl between Complaining all the while In horrid - hooting stanza -  Then chase itself down Hill -  And neigh like Boanerges -  Then - prompter than a Star Stop - docile and omnipotent At it's own stable door -Someone once told me that animals are people under spells, and if you fall in love with them the spell will be lifted. I recently fell in love with a black trumpeter swan. I watched her ruffle her neck feathers for hours, watched her peck bugs from her breast. I was sure she would make a beautiful bride, but she was always a black trumpeter swan. I once brushed a horse’s hair for 3 straight years until it crumpled into death. The truth is there is no such thing as spells. The world is always as it is, and always as it seems. And love is just our own kind voice that we whisper into our own blood.You tell me a joke about two robbers who hide from the police. One robber hides as a sack of cats and the other robber hides as a sack of potatoes. That is the punch line somehow, the sack of potatoes, but all I can think about is how my dad used to throw me over his shoulder when I was very small and call me his sack of potatoes. I've got a sack of potatoes he would yell, spinning around in a circle, the arm not holding me reaching out for a sale. Does anyone want to buy my sack of potatoes? No one ever wanted to buy me. We were always the only two people in the room.Aunt Martha bustles From room to room Between attic and basement, With duster and broom.   Like an oven grenade, In cobwebby corners Her broom explodes A babel of wonders.   Her summer crusade Havocs the bugs. Like an enfilade, She rakes the rugs.   The sound and fury Of table and bed Whirs a panic of sparrows To the oaks overhead.   Untenable grows The vast of the house For even the ghost Of Lazarus’ mouse.   The fogies convert Back fences to staffs And sow their gossip With Pharisee laughs:   Aunt Martha’s scowl Is a lithograph’s.   As the fogies watch Her attic lairs Jettison the junk Of heirloom wares, She shouts: “Old houses Need cleaning upstairs!”“We all declare for liberty,” Lincoln said. “We use the word and mean all sorts of things:In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread.Rifle the basket that thy neighbor brings.”  The grizzled axman squinted at Honest Abe, The six feet four of him, gaunt, sad of face, The hands to split a log or cradle a babe, The cracked palm hat, the homespun of his race.   “The wolf tears at the sheep’s throat: and the sheep Extols the shepherd for cudgeling tyranny; The wolf, convulsed with indignation deep, Accuses the shepherd of murdering liberty.   “But the dictionary of the wolf is writ In words the rats of time chew bit by bit.”I have a brief confession that I would like to make. If I dont get it off my chest I'm sure my heart will break. I didn't do my reading. I watched TV instead— while munching cookies, cakes, and chips and cinnamon raisin bread. I didn't wash the dishes. I didn't clean the mess. Now there are roaches eating crumbs— a million, more or less. I didn't turn the TV off. I didn't shut the light. Just think of all the energy I wasted through the night. I feel so very guilty. I did a lousy job. I hope my students don't find out that I am such a slob.It’s always been a wish of mine (Or should I say a dream) To scare my sister half to death And hear her piercing scream.   That’s why I squished four bugs until They all were very dead, Then took them to my sister’s room And put them in her bed.   After we had said goodnight, My heart began to pound. I waited and I waited, but She never made a sound.   And then I got so doggone tired I couldn’t stay awake. I climbed into my own warm bed And shrieked—there was a snake!   It wiggled, and I leaped and fell And bruised my bottom half; Then I heard an awful sound— It was my sister’s laugh.Sometimes I want a corset like to harden me or garnish. I think of this stricture—rain language, building—as a corset: an outer ideal mould, I feel the ideal moulding me the ideal is now my surface just so very perfect I know where to buy it and I take it off. I take it off. If all things fall and we are just emperors, serious and accurate and fugitive in such dormant lines of gorgeousness the day is a locksmith dew lies long on the grass and I a rustic ask: what is a surface—and respond only omniscience, the crumpling face as the domestic emotions elucidate themselves a sea of mist exists so strangely side by side the potent mould of anarchy and scorn.I call my wife outdoors to have her listen,to turn her ears upward, beyond the cloud-veiled sky where the moon dances thin light,to tell her, “Don’t hear the cars on the freeway—it’s not the truck-rumble. It is and is notthe sirens.” She stands there, on decka rocking boat, wanting to please the captain who would have her hear the inaudible.Her eyes, so blue the day sky is envious,fix blackly on me, her mouth poised on question like a stone. But, she hears, after all. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;    January on the Gulf,  warm wind washing over us, we stand chilled in the winter of those voices.Come March we’d find them In the five-and-dimes, Furled tighter than umbrellas About their slats, the airIn an undertow above usLike weather on the maps. We’d play out linesOf kite string, tugging againstThe bucking sideways flights. Readied for assembly,I’d arc the tensed keel of balsa Into place against the crosspiece,Feeling the paper snap  Tautly as a sheet, then lift The almost weightless body Up to where it hauled meTrolling into the winds— Knotted bows like vertebrae Flashing among fieldsOf light. Why ruin itBy recalling the aftermaths? Kites gone down in tatters, Kites fraying like flotsam From the tops of the trees.It’s said they planted trees by graves to soak up spirits of the deadthrough roots into the growing wood. The favorite in the burial yardsI knew was common juniper.One could do worse than pass into such a species. I like to thinkthat when I’m gone the chemicalsand yes the spirit that was memight be searched out by subtle roots and raised with sap through capillaries into an upright, fragrant trunk,and aromatic twigs and bark,through needles bright as hoarfrost to the sunlight for a centuryor more, in wood repelling rotand standing tall with monumentsand statues there on the far hill,erect as truth, a testimony,in ground that’s dignified by loss,around a melancholy treethat’s pointing toward infinity.Katherine, Katherine, Katherine, Katherine. Black hair, small cold eyes, whom you loved. Cock-tease Katherine, chewer of souls. The door blew open and she blew in, a ghoul. Black air, small cold wind, taking everything. Fish-eater Katherine, whose nails dig blood. I’m going to call her pinch-cunt, pickle-lip, piss-dribble, shit-smear, goat’s-meat breath. I want to throw stones at her mother’s corpse, send her children to name-change foster homes. May the coat she is wearing burst into flames and boil the flesh blistering off her bones. May she be refused in both heaven and hell and wander the earth forever without rest— a hungry ghost clinging to the rocks and trees.The day has pass’d in storms, though not unmix’d With transitory calm.   The western clouds, Dissolving slow, unveil the glorious sun, Majestic in decline.   The wat’ry east Glows with the many-tinted arch of Heav’n. We hail it as a pledge that brighter skies Shall bless the coming morn.   Thus rolls the day, The short dark day of life;   with tempests thus, And fleeting sun-shine chequer’d.   At its close, When the dread hour draws near, that bursts all ties, All commerce with the world, Religion pours Hope’s fairy-colors on the virtuous mind, And, like the rain-bow on the ev’ning clouds, Gives the bright promise that a happier dawn Shall chase the night and silence of the grave.The church knelt heavyabove us as we attended Sunday School, circled by age group and hunkeredon little wood folding chairswhere we gave our nickels, saidour verses, heard the stories, sangthe solid, swinging songs.It could have been God abovein the pews, His restless love siftingwith dust from the joists. We littleseeds swelled in the stone cellar, bursting to grow toward the light.Maybe it was that I liked how, upstairs, outside, an avid sun stormed down, burning the sharp- edged shadows back to their buildings, orhow the winter air knifedafter the dreamy basement.Maybe the day we learned whatever would have kept me believingI was just watching lightpoke from the high, small windowand tilt to the floor where I could make it a gold strap on my shoe, wrapmy ankle, embrace any part of me.Once there was a man who filmed his vacation. He went flying down the river in his boatwith his video camera to his eye, makinga moving picture of the moving riverupon which his sleek boat moved swiftly toward the end of his vacation. He showedhis vacation to his camera, which pictured it, preserving it forever: the river, the trees,the sky, the light, the bow of his rushing boat behind which he stood with his camera preserving his vacation even as he was having it so that after he had had it he would stillhave it. It would be there. With a flickof a switch, there it would be. But hewould not be in it. He would never be in it.I cannot know twisted Henriette of the plant kingdom Engrafted with a crutch. And yet her bulbous concerns Effuse a solid blue from inside, Like a steel Dryad, and her gaze effaced   Shines with distended power. Otherwise These clusterjewels would not dazzle us so, As limbs proliferate through her pulped brain From dendrites where creation flared   And this crippled tree would seem defaced,J’Accuse! beneath the lace of this clipped sister And would not glisten in synaptic blasts   Would not, from all the reaching boughs of self, Burst like ripe sapphires: for here there is no placeThat does not see you. You shake forth a nest.The laughing gull that flew behind the fencepost and never came out was the beginning and then a hand smaller than my hand covered Wisconsin with a gesture for explanation. In the afternoon there are pauses between the words through which commas can grow like daisy fleabane. A fish with an osprey in its back emerges from the Sound and nothing can be learned by more analysis. The book of her hair opens to its binding and I leaf through the glorious pages of appreciation and that’s not all. We could not have turned fast enough to catch light and leftovers from so much of what happened: the swift figures behind you like a planet’s dark companion, ships entering and leaving the hall closet the real and imagined between which is no difference.I was so worried the hickory I recognized had died from salt burn in the last hurricane I may have passed by vervain and apple haw like they didn’t matter, but this spring it put out seven shoots from its base. Still, the oldest trick is the moon missing, then the “new” moon appears, though we know it’s the old one, and we pretend to be taken in like the mother or baby behind the bath towel. Really it’s the moon winking, being the stone that holds stones and now footprints. And when I tell Frances, I see she is a moon motionless in the doorway, skin reflecting a lamp, a face that awakens on paper.To an army wife, in Sardis:   Some say a cavalry corps, some infantry, some, again, will maintain that the swift oars   of our fleet are the finest sight on dark earth; but I say that whatever one loves, is.   This is easily proved: did not Helen—she who had scanned the flower of the world’s manhood—   choose as first among men one who laid Troy’s honor in ruin? warped to his will, forgetting   love due her own blood, her own child, she wandered far with him. So Anactoria, although you   being far away forget us, the dear sound of your footstep and light glancing in your eyes   would move me more than glitter of Lydian horse or armored tread of mainland infantryAs day began to break, we passedthe “honk for worms” sign,passed it honking againand again, to wake up the wormsmy dad said. It was onlyabout another half mile tothe aspen grove and our worm digs.The humus, spongy and almostblack, turned over easily.I used my bare hands to putsome moist earth into a coffee canand, as the aspen glitteredin the risen sun, I gentlyslid the fresh, fat bait into my container.I heard the worms still in the groundgurgle as they tried to escape,while the ones in the can beganto ball up as their numbers grew.Streamside, surrounded by mountainswith snow lingering into summer,I picked out a worm and my dadarranged it on the hook to savemy small fingers. Now you can purchasea time-share on that land.The colony of aspen, thinnedby the builders, continues totremble. No amount of honkingbrings back the worms.No, Time, thou shalt not boast that I do change:Thy pyramids built up with newer mightTo me are nothing novel, nothing strange;They are but dressings of a former sight.Our dates are brief, and therefore we admireWhat thou dost foist upon us that is old,And rather make them born to our desireThan think that we before have heard them told.Thy registers and thee I both defy,Not wondering at the present nor the past;For thy records and what we see doth lie,Made more or less by that continual haste.   This I do vow, and this shall ever be:   I will be true, despite thy scythe and thee.’Tis better to be vile than vile esteemedWhen not to be receives reproach of being, And the just pleasure lost, which is so deemedNot by our feeling but by others' seeing.For why should others’ false adulterate eyesGive salutation to my sportive blood?Or on my frailties why are frailer spies, Which in their wills count bad that I think good?No, I am that I am; and they that levelAt my abuses reckon up their own:I may be straight though they themselves be bevel;By their rank thoughts my deeds must not be shown, ;Unless this general evil they maintain:    All men are bad and in their badness reign.Beshrew that heart that makes my heart to groanFor that deep wound it gives my friend and me:Is’t not enough to torture me alone,But slave to slavery my sweet’st friend must be?Me from myself thy cruel eye hath taken,And my next self thou harder hast engrossed;Of him, myself, and thee I am forsaken,A torment thrice threefold thus to be crossed. Prison my heart in thy steel bosom's ward, But then my friend's heart let my poor heart bail;Whoe’er keeps me, let my heart be his guard:Thou canst not then use rigour in my jail.    And yet thou wilt; for I, being pent in thee, ;Perforce am thine, and all that is in me.O, call not me to justify the wrongThat thy unkindness lays upon my heart;Wound me not with thine eye but with thy tongue;Use power with power, and slay me not by art.Tell me thou lov’st elsewhere; but in my sight, Dear heart, forbear to glance thine eye aside;What need’st thou wound with cunning when thy mightIs more than my o’erpressed defense can bide?Let me excuse thee: ah, my love well knowsHer pretty looks have been mine enemies;And therefore from my face she turns my foes,That they elsewhere might dart their injuries—    Yet do not so; but since I am near slain,    Kill me outright with looks and rid my pain.Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.O, but with mine compare thou thine own state,And thou shalt find it merits not reproving;Or if it do, not from those lips of thine,That have profaned their scarlet ornamentsAnd sealed false bonds of love as oft as mine, Robbed others’ beds’ revenues of their rents.Be it lawful I love thee as thou lov’st thoseWhom thine eyes woo as mine importune thee:Root pity in thy heart, that, when it grows, Thy pity may deserve to pitied be. ;If thou dost seek to have what thou dost hide,    By self-example mayst thou be denied.My love is as a fever, longing stillFor that which longer nurseth the disease,Feeding on that which doth preserve the ill,Th’ uncertain sickly appetite to please.My reason, the physician to my love,Angry that his prescriptions are not kept, Hath left me, and I desperate now approveDesire is death, which physic did except.Past cure I am, now reason is past care, And frantic-mad with evermore unrest;My thoughts and my discourse as madmen’s are,At random from the truth vainly expressed:    For I have sworn thee fair, and thought thee bright,    Who art as black as hell, as dark as night.The sun is still burning in my skin even though it set half-an-hour ago, and Cindy and Bob and Bev and John are pulling on their sweatshirts and gathering around the fire pit. John hands me a cold one and now Bev comes into my arms and I can feel the sun’s heat, and taste the Pacific on her cheek. I am not in Vietnam, nor is John or Bob, because our deferments came through, and we get to remain boys for at least another summer like this one in Santa Cruz, surfing the afternoons in a sweet blue dream I’m remembering now, as the nurse puts my cheek to sleep, and the doctor begins to burn those summers away.~~ & thus you entered ;a forest of solitudes ;where in this great ;sense your life had ;been pursued, till like ;a shadow breaking off ;a rising body, a ;need hovered & grew. ;Some lined feature of ;another fate strives to ;be met, sits low ;& upright. Those qualities ;which had been energy ;or grace past pain ;wove from the nerves ;a nest or instinct. ;Your calms are interesting. ;Write to us during ;this terrible government. A ;universe coughs blue & ;draws a twiceness from ;the mitred now, while ;your garden hand spells ;the inexhaustible forms~~ ; ;   FOR  ELIZABETH   ROBINSONBack in a yard where ringers groove a ditch, These four in shirtsleeves congregate to pitch Dirt-burnished iron. With appraising eye, One sizes up a peg, hoists and lets fly—A clang resounds as though a smith had struck Fire from a forge. His first blow, out of luck, Rattles in circles. Hitching up his face,He swings, and weight once more inhabits space, Tumbles as gently as a new-laid egg.Extended iron arms surround their pegLike one come home to greet a long-lost brother. Shouts from one outpost. Mutters from the other.Now changing sides, each withered pitcher moves As his considered dignity behoovesDown the worn path of earth where August flies And sheaves of air in warm distortions rise,To stand ground, fling, kick dust with all the force Of shoes still hammered to a living horse.We brought that newborn home from Maimonides and showed her nine blue glittering streets. Would she like the semis with hoods of snow? The precinct? Bohack’s? A lit diner?Her eyes were huge and her gaze tiltedlike milk in a pan, toward shadow.Would she like the tenement, three dim flights, her crib that smelled of Lemon Pledge?We slept beside her in our long coats,rigid with fatigue in the unmade bed.Her breath woke us with its slight catch. Would she approve of gray winter dawn?We showed her daylight in our cupped hands. Then the high clocks began boomingin this city and the next, we counted for her, but just the strokes, not the laggardsor the tinny echoes, and we taught herhow to wait, how to watch, how to be held,in that icy room, until our own alarm chimed.I wake to leafless vines and muddy fields, patches of standing water. His pocketknifewaits in my dresser drawer, still able to gut fish.I pick up his green shirt, put it on for the fourth dayin a row. Outside, the rusty nail he hammered catches me, leaves its stain on everything.The temperature drops, the whole shore filling with him: his dented chew can, waders,the cattails kinked, bowing their distress.At the pier, I use his old pliers to ready the line:fatheads, darters, a blood worm jig. Today, the lake’s one truth is hardness. When the trout bite,I pull the serviceable things glistening into air.You squeezed its leash in your fist, It followed where you led:Tick, tock, tick, tock,Nodding its wooden head.Wagging a tail on a spring,Its wheels gearing lackety-clack,Dogging your heels the length of the house, Though you seldom glanced back.It didn’t mind being dragged When it toppled on its side Scraping its coat of primary colors: Love has no pride.But now that you run and climb And leap, it has no hopeOf keeping up, so it sits, hunched At the end of its short ropeAnd dreams of a rummage saleWhere it’s snapped up for a song,And of somebody—somebody just like you— Stringing it along.The jay’s up early, and attacks the lawnwith something of that fervor and despairof one whose keys are not where they always are, checking the same spots over and againtill something new or overlooked appears—an armored pillbug, or a husk of grain.He flits with it home, where his mate beds down,her stern tail feathers jutting from the nestlike a spoon handle from a breakfast bowl.The quickest lover’s peck, and he’s paroledagain to stalk the sodgrass, cockheaded, obsessed. He must get something from his selfless work— joy, or reprieve, or a satisfying senseof obligation dutifully dispensed.Unless, of course, he’s just a bird, with beaks—too many beaks—to fill, in no way possessedof traits or demons humans might devise,his dark not filled with could-have-beens and whys.Born on Monday and a tiny world-containing grain of light passed through each eye like heaven through a needle. And on Tuesday he screamed for a small ear in which to hide. He rolled on Wednesday, rolled his whole body full of immense salt spaces, slowly from one horizon to the other. And on Thursday, trembling, crippled, broke beyond his given strength and crawled. And on Friday he stood upright. And on Saturday he tested a footstep and the sky came down and alit on his shoulder full of various languages in which one bird doesn’t answer to another. And on Sunday he dreamed he was flying and his mind grew gold watching the moon and he began to sing to the brink of speakingyou are listening to the transmission via seed pearl, aural irritant clockwork and sparkgap ultra high and superlow precious black opal crystal and glass shudders and sings broad cast scattered the seeds among the apocrypha each agent at land or sea satellite or space direct conversion of royal register and groove high in fidelity to our regenerative radio hisses and shouts everything that cannot be owned belongs now to us irradiant waves oscillate below visible light to arrive and reside requires no medium but occupies vacuum and air transformational emission follow your radiotelegraph we are your conductor our amplitude varies we fluctuate the frequency we are not subject to static interference we embed the subcarrierhush y’all you need not know that language if you know this soundI loathed you, Spoon River. I tried to rise above you,I was ashamed of you. I despised youAs the place of my nativity.And there in Rome, among the artists,Speaking Italian, speaking French,I seemed to myself at times to be freeOf every trace of my origin.I seemed to be reaching the heights of artAnd to breathe the air that the masters breathed,And to see the world with their eyes.But still they’d pass my work and say:"What are you driving at, my friend?Sometimes the face looks like Apollo’s,At others it has a trace of Lincoln’s."There was no culture, you know, in Spoon River,And I burned with shame and held my peace.And what could I do, all covered overAnd weighted down with western soil,Except aspire, and pray for anotherBirth in the world, with all of Spoon RiverRooted out of my soul?Seeds in a dry pod, tick, tick, tick, Tick, tick, tick, like mites in a quarrel— Faint iambics that the full breeze wakens— But the pine tree makes a symphony thereof. Triolets, villanelles, rondels, rondeaus, Ballades by the score with the same old thought: The snows and the roses of yesterday are vanished; And what is love but a rose that fades? Life all around me here in the village: Tragedy, comedy, valor and truth, Courage, constancy, heroism, failure— All in the loom, and oh what patterns! Woodlands, meadows, streams and rivers— Blind to all of it all my life long. Triolets, villanelles, rondels, rondeaus, Seeds in a dry pod, tick, tick, tick, Tick, tick, tick, what little iambics, While Homer and Whitman roared in the pines?Superman flies onto his first comic book. Oil bubbles up in Saudi Arabia. Orson Welles' The War of the Worlds invades every panicked radio along the eastern seaboard. The Spanish Civil War rages on. Filming starts on The Wizard of Oz. At New York City's Carnegie Hall, John Hammond's SpiritualsTo Swing concert explodes with African chants, the Count Basie Band, boogie-woogie, New Orleans jazz, hot gospel, stride piano, harmonica instrumentals, Big Bill Broonzy's blues. The audience hears the ghost of Robert Johnson, four months gone, easing out of a Victrola phonograph at center stage— the entire concert suddenly enveloped by the man who was not there.All these great barns out here in the outskirts,black creosote boards knee-deep in the bluegrass.They look so beautifully abandoned, even in use.You say they look like arks after the sea’sdried up, I say they look like pirate ships,and I think of that walk in the valley whereJ said, You don’t believe in God? And I said,No. I believe in this connection we all haveto nature, to each other, to the universe.And she said, Yeah, God. And how we stood there,low beasts among the white oaks, Spanish moss,and spider webs, obsidian shards stuck in our pockets,woodpecker flurry, and I refused to call it so.So instead, we looked up at the unruly sky,its clouds in simple animal shapes we could namethough we knew they were really just clouds—disorderly, and marvelous, and ours.for Milan Kundera    This is your foreign correspondent, Aristotle, for The Poetics, reporting live from the Mediterranean where the skulls and bones of a few Egyptians crown the tradeships of His Majesty, wave back and forth: starfish—moons—Februaries. To my right, our military advisor, Hernando Cortez, oversees operations at the Aztec/ Mexican border where to the left of a stone no longer rising from water a dove collects its nest egg upon the skeleton of a hummingbird. To my left, our scribe-in-residence, St. Nickle-and-Dime-‘Em-To-Debt, scribbles furiously to a mortgaged future where the last rites of man and of-man are delivered at the near-twin births of the lyric and gunpowder.for Michel Tournier, The Four Wise Men    At least once a month a man boards a bus bound for Detroit, one bag, a few books. Nevertheless he always tells himself I just might leave Cincinnati for good just cut out never look back... When he arrives in the Motor City he drinks and drinks it all in until he’s dead drunk on all fours, a two-year-old mama’s boy, bawling all night night after night for the salt-sweet milk of his sister-mother turning in her sleep from a hard back turning toward the Canadian border... When at long last he takes a bus back to the Queen City, long after the only rest stop, he notices the first signs: merciless thirst, gorging hunger, swollen ankles, what the folks down south call sugar.The Due D’Aumal’s cannonballs Are being marshmellowed 370 years from their masonic inception Now lie on the Potomac The Due D’Aumal’s balls cannonaded Split Through mirror teeth Washington D.C. Black City of white rectangular bits of fear Blown fluff of fear O the Duke of Aumal’s balls are raging Yellow vermin white houses of fear And beautiful funky people Diamond heart D’Afrique Human blood human need Black booming emotional vibes of life White geometry of abstract cerebral death I really saw at Fort McNair In front of American General’s mansion A fir-tree tied down to a black coffiny box Jefferson’s phantom always rides tonight There’s a solar splendor burst from Eighteenth-Century Cannon of the Due D’Aumal I’m sure Citizen Lafayette was no dixiecratChoppers in the night husk the brilliants of thought Beyond the cities of patina grow caves of thought Coyote Hummingbird Owl are rivers of thought The lumens the pumpkins dance: pits of correspondence over the land Birds the dream tongues warble Iroquois Mojavé Ohlone Market Street of “The Mad Doctor” via the occult centers A gang of fox spirits at the crossroadsBandoleros set between the obliteration of grizzly bears painted by an Arcimboldist and the monstrance of bleeding chains Montezuma’s feathery headdress torn up in the boondocks of the Rosy Cross Coyote girls in myth-time At the central dream of edenic treasures The irrevocable annihilation of christian civilization is taking shape with carnivorous flowers of volcanic thoughtThere are rooftops made of cloud remnants gathered by a trader dabbling in car parts and burlap At night, I dive onto the breeze fermenting above the dirt and dream that I am a crocodile a tin of shoe polish, an audience of two In the morning, before the smallest yawn becomes a noodle, I am offered a ribbon of yellow smoke I opt for fuzzy rocks and clawed water and, of course, the perishable window I am one of the last computer chain errors to be illuminated I tell you there are rooftops on which the moon stops being a cold jewel And one by one the mountains begin their descent from the chambers of a lost bookThe world weeps. There are no tears To be found. It is deemed a miracle. The president appears on screens In villages and towns, in cities in jungles And jungles still affectionately called cities. He appears on screens and reads a story. Whose story is he reading and why? What lessons are to be learned from this story About a time that has not arrived, will not arrive, is here? Time of fire and images of fire climbing toward the sun Time of precious and semi-precious liquids Time of a man and a woman doused in ink Rolling across streams and down valleys Trying to leave some string of words behind.Lie me down to heal in sleep, do not let me wake In sin, the tongue Cancels another year, another painted storm In the coral caves, some pious poet Drunk on vapors Swatting tomb-bats in the nightwood, would that Wayward bark sunned white Be also thunder, a hill of bones drumming—thud Thud, a wake Of buzzards braiding into the loosening skull—the redoubled fists Of students like an island in the bramble chained—I have been told To reason, lawless, empty, without rights— But I am old Not age, I have been told To match its columns by our footfall, prophet—I am not The straw or garland of our Sirens, not the brow Of holly, nor the warble Of any larkThe Mushroom is the Elf of Plants - At Evening, it is not At Morning, in a Truffled Hut It stop opon a Spot As if it tarried always And yet it’s whole Career Is shorter than a Snake’s Delay - And fleeter than a Tare - ’Tis Vegetation’s Juggler - The Germ of Alibi - Doth like a Bubble antedate And like a Bubble, hie - I feel as if the Grass was pleased To have it intermit - This surreptitious Scion Of Summer’s circumspect. Had Nature any supple Face Or could she one contemn - Had Nature an Apostate - That Mushroom - it is Him!The plastic army men are always green. They’re caught in awkward poses, one arm outstretched as if to fire, legs parted and forever stuck on a swiggle of support, as rigid and green as the boots. This one has impressions of pockets, a belt, a collar, a grip on tiny binoculars intended to enlarge, no doubt, some tiny enemy. In back, attached to the belt is a canteen or a grenade (it’s hard to tell). The helmet is pulled down low, so as to hide the eyes. If I point the arm, the gun, toward me, I see that this soldier is very thin. It’s almost unreal, how thin he is.The challenge: to start not with theory but with tangible performance You and others, approaching We shall be asked for a way out ; ; ;  to be fed ; ; ;  to keep warm and dry Starting with experience, magic genuine science More than once we have been lost in a trackless wilderness dwarfed and shadowed by mighty buildings subway trains wild as elephants One goes blindly back to one’s desk These moments come, their dark shadow We glimpsed control and more tragic waste We entered with 40,000,000 warriors with the dignity of cathedrals The lake is upon you. You have two canoes, your tent The child has entered upon this desert You have your axes What, precisely, is your procedure?Each night, in a space he’d make between waking and purpose, my grandfather donned his one suit, in our still dark house, and drove through Brooklyn’s deserted streets following trolley tracks to the bakery.There he’d change into white linen work clothes and cap, and in the absence of women, his hands were both loving, well into dawn and throughout the day— kneading, rolling out, shapingeach astonishing moment of yeasty predictability in that windowless world lit by slightly swaying naked bulbs, where the shadows staggered, woozy with the aromatic warmth of the work.Then, the suit and drive, again. At our table, graced by a loaf that steamed when we sliced it, softened the butter and leavened the very air we’d breathe,he’d count us blessed.The day of my mother’s funeral I spend clearing out her overgrown flower beds, down on my knees in the leaf rot, nut shells, tiny grains of sandlot sand spilling from the runoff gullies. The hot work was to see not feel what had to be done, not to go on asking,not to wonder anymore. Full from scraps I’d found at the back of the refrigerator, her mongrel dog lay curled on a stone and watched me work. It was Sunday. The telephone rang, then stopped, then rang again. By the end of the day, I’d done what I could. I swept the walk, put away the tools, switched on the indoor safety lamps, and then(it hardly matters what I think I felt) I closed the gate on a house where no one lived anymore.Forgive us. We have dragged them into the night in taffeta dresses, in stiff collars and ties, with the wind damp, the sleet raking their cheeks,to school lunchrooms fitted with makeshift stages where we will sit under bad fluorescent lighting on folding chairs, and they will sing and play.We will watch the first grader with little cymbals, bending her knees, hunched in concentration while neighbors snicker at her ardent face.Forgive us. We will hear the seventh-grade boy as his voice finally loses its innocence forever, at the unbearable solo momentand know that now, for years, he will wince at the thought of singing, yet will ache to sing, in silence,silence even to the generation to comewith its night, its sleet, its hideous lunchroom chairs.Your paperwork in, it’s like the morning after a party, the shaken survey of damage, a waste of bottles where there was laughter. It all seems so much more than you can manage: the accusing cups and stubbed-out cigarettes, the sun assaulting the window, your throbbing head. It’s not enough to face your own regrets(though they’re coming back fast, the things you said) because someone’s trailed bean dip across the table, someone’s ground salsa in the rug with his shoe. So you start to clean, as much as you are able,and think how far those hours have fled from you, before the hangover and your sour tongue, when you felt lovely, and infinite, and young.With measured pace, they move in single file, dark hides, white faces, plodding through low grass, then walk into the water, cattle-style, indifferent to the matter where they pass.The stream is high, the current swift—good rain, late snow-melt, cold. Immerging to the flank, the beasts proceed, a queue, a bovine chain, impassive, stepping to the farther bank—continuing their march, as if by word, down valley to fresh pasture. The elect, and stragglers, join, and recompose the herd, both multiple and single, to perfectimpressions of an animated scene, the creek’s meanders, milling cows, and sun. Well cooled, the cattle graze knee-deep in green. We leave them to their feed, this painting done.Every family that lived in our court had an American truck with a union sticker on the backand as a kid I admired them the way I thought our soldiers must have admired Patton and Sherman tanks.You once told me that the Russians couldn’t take us, not with towns like ours full of iron, full of workers tempered by the fires of foundries and mills.It wasn’t the Russians that came; it was the contract, the strike, the rounds of layoffs that blistered until your number was called.I still remember you loading up to leave for the last time, the union sticker scraped off with a putty knife,the end of the white tarp draped over your truck bed flapping as you drove away.You can’t have nothing clean. I scrubbed like a crazy woman at Isom’s clothes that first week and here they come off the line, little black stripes wherever I’d pinned them up or hung them over—coal dust settles on the clothesline, piles up like a line of snow on a tree branch. After that, I wiped down the clothesline every time, but no matter, you can’t get it all off. His coveralls is stripy with black and gray lines, ankles of his pants is ringed around, like marks left by shackles. I thought I’d die that first week when I seen him walk off to the mine, black, burnt-looking marks on his shirt over his shoulders, right where wings would of folded.I spent the winter my father died down in the basement, under the calm surface of the floorboards, hundreds of little plastic parts spread out like debris on the table. And for months while the snow fell and my father sat in the big chair by the Philco, dying, I worked my way up deck by deck, story by story, from steerage to first class, until at last it was done, stacks, deck chairs, all the delicate rigging. And there it loomed, a blazing city of the dead. Then painted the gaping hole at the waterline and placed my father at the railings, my mother in a lifeboat pulling away from the wreckage.You find it when you’re tearing up your life, trying to make some sense of the old messes, moving dressers, peering under beds. Almost lost in cat hair and in cobwebs,in dust you vaguely know was once your skin, it shows up, isolated, fragmentary. A tidy little solid. Tractable. Knobbed to be fitted in a lock-step pattern with others. Plastic: red or blue or yellow. Out of the dark, undamaged, there it is,as bright and primary colored and foursquare as the family with two parents and two children who moved in twenty years ago in a dream. It makes no allowances, concedes no failures, admits no knowledge of a little girl who glared through tears, rubbing her slapped cheek. Rigidity is its essential trait. Likely as not, you leave it where it was.It begins in a cow lane with bees and white clover, courses along corn, rushes accelerando against rocks. It rises to a teetering pitch as I cross a shaky tree-bridge, syncopates a riff over the dissonance of trash—derelict icebox with a missing door, mohair loveseat sinking into thistle. It winds through green adder’s mouth, faint as the bells of Holsteins heading home. Blue shadows lengthen, but the undertow of a harmony pulls me on through raspy Joe-pye-weed and staccato-barbed fence. It hums in a culvert beneath cars, then empties into a river that flows oboe-deep past Indian dance ground, waterwheel and town, past the bleached stones in the churchyard, the darkening hill.It will not stay. But this morning we wake to pale muslin stretched across the grass. The pumpkins, still in the fields, are planets shrouded by clouds. The Weber wears a dunce cap and sits in the corner by the garage where asters wrap scarves around their necks to warm their blooms. The leaves, still soldered to their branches by a frozen drop of dew, splash apple and pear paint along the roadsides. It seems we have glanced out a window into the near future, mid-December, say, the black and white photo of winter carefully laid over the present autumn, like a morning we pause at the mirror inspecting the single strand of hair that overnight has turned to snow.When Isaac, a small, freckled boy approaching seven, visits us for Family Camp, playing pirate with his rubber sword,sometimes he slumps in grief, trudging along, his sacrifice and small violin in hand, his palm over his chest,saying, Mother is here in my heart. Before he leaves for home, we ask if he’d like a Jewish blessing.Our grandson’s handsome face ignites; he chirps a rousing, yes, for a long life. We unfold the prayer shawl,its Hebrew letters silvering the spring light, hold the white tallis above his head, recite the blessing in its ancient languageand then the English, adding, for a long life. Isaac complains, the tallis didn’t touch his head, so he didn’t feel the blessing.We lower its silken ceiling to graze his dark hair, repeat the prayer.I used to be a plastic bottle I used to be scads of masticated wattle I used to be epic spittle, aka septic piddle I used to be a pleasant colleague I used to be a radiant ingredient I used to be a purple polyethylene pony I used to be a phony upload project I used to be a stony blue inhalant I used to be a family-size turquoise bottle I used to be a domesticated pink bubble I used to be a pleasant red colleague I used to be a beaming cobalt emollient I used to be a convenient chartreuse antidepressantAll day long I've been hidden, enmeshed, locked in the shadow of the holy mountain, my body covered with shame. I'd hoped there would be a dog barking furiously. Unable to go forward, unable to go back, at least with the sound of a dog barking I'd attain something . . . something. Instead of a dog barking there was silence, then the sound of a drum beaten loud & fast by a young nun. Into this temple come none of the grand sounds, none of the great thoughts. In the cabbage field, heads all the same size are profiles of young novice nuns & the priestesses sitting in Unmun Temple. Young faces like dew, like hoarfrost.We opened closets and bureau drawers and packed away, in boxes, dresses and shoes, the silk underthings still wrapped in tissue. We sorted through cedar chests. We gathered and set aside the keepsakes and the good silver and brought up from the coal cellar jars of tomato sauce, peppers, jellied fruit. We dismantled, we took down from the walls, we bundled and carted off and swept clean. Goodbye, goodbye, we said, closing the door behind us, going our separate ways from the house we had emptied, and which, in the coming days, we would fill again and empty and try to fill again.The whiskey stink of rot has settled in the garden, and a burst of fruit flies rises when I touch the dying tomato plants.  Still, the claws of tiny yellow blossoms flail in the air as I pull the vines up by the roots and toss them in the compost.  It feels cruel. Something in me isn’t ready to let go of summer so easily. To destroy what I’ve carefully cultivated all these months. Those pale flowers might still have time to fruit.  My great-grandmother sang with the girls of her village as they pulled the flax. Songs so old and so tied to the season that the very sound seemed to turn the weather.A Bird, came down the Walk -  He did not know I saw - He bit an Angle Worm in halves  And ate the fellow, raw,    And then, he drank a Dew From a convenient Grass - And then hopped sidewise to the Wall  To let a Beetle pass -   He glanced with rapid eyes, That hurried all abroad - They looked like frightened Beads, I thought, He stirred his Velvet Head. -    Like one in danger, Cautious, I offered him a Crumb, And he unrolled his feathers,  And rowed him softer Home -   Than Oars divide the Ocean, Too silver for a seam, Or Butterflies, off Banks of Noon,  Leap, plashless as they swim.The only time I’ve been to Switzerland was early one spring on a train through the mountains. There was a lake—I guess it was Lucerne? Above me cliff tops ridged with snow fanned out so that where I stood at the edge of the platform light bathed the empty siding all around with a diffused opalescence off the water. Behind the station must have been a town, spires of churches, municipal arcades, and coffee squelching in the fogged cafés. I never saw the place, though I remember thinking this is Switzerland and took a mind-shot of the pines, breathing in the cold as the porter whistled at us to reboard.Dead deer a week now by the snowy gate. Do I have to watch it be eaten? Do I have to see who comes first, who quarrels, who stays? And there is the question of the night, what flesh preferred by which creature— what sinew and fat, the organs, the eyes. These appetites: it’s enough to know the swoop and cut of wings over the snarl of something leaping away. Do I have to see the icy figure fused to the ground, scrabbled snow, not lovely or deep, but the surface of something spoiled? By now the rib bones arch above it all, unbroken light shining between them, above the black cavity. And I hear the crows, complaint, complaint splitting the morning, hunched over the skull. They know their offices.We’re writing our names with sizzles of light to celebrate the fourth. I use the loops of cursive, make a big B like the sloping hills on the west side of the lake. The rest, little a, r, one small b, spit and fizz as they scratch the night. On the side of the shack where we bought them, a handmade sign: Trailer Full of Sparkles Ahead, and I imagine crazy chrysanthemums, wheels of fire, glitter bouncing off metal walls. Here, we keep tracing in tiny pyrotechnics the letters we were given at birth, branding them on the air. And though my mother’s name has been erased now, I write it, too: a big swooping I, a hissing s, an a that sighs like her last breath, and then I ring belle, belle, belle in the sulphuric smoky dark.It’s not spring yet, but I can’t wait anymore. I get the hoe, pull back the snow from the old furrows, expose the rich dark earth. I bare my hand and dole out shriveled peas, one by one.I see my grandmother’s hand, doing just this, dropping peas into gray gumbo that clings like clay. This moist earth is rich and dark as chocolate cake.Her hands cradle baby chicks; she finds kittens in the loft and hands them down to me, safe beside the ladder leading up to darkness.I miss her smile, her blue eyes, her biscuits and gravy, but mostly her hands. I push a pea into the earth, feel her hands pushing me back. She’ll come in May, she says, in long straight rows, dancing in light green dresses.I could almost hear their soft collisions on the cold air today, but when I came in,shed my layers and stood alone by the fire, I felt them float toward me like sporesflung far from their source, having crossed miles of oceans and fields unknown to mostjust to keep my body fixed to its place on the earth. Call them God if you must,these messengers that bring hard evidence of what I once was and where I have been—filling me with bits of stardust, whaleskin, goosedown from the pillow where Einsteinonce slept, tucked in his cottage in New Jersey, dreaming of things I know I’ll never see.the unthinkable prospect of a world in which I am left to my own devices which are few and as soon as the batteries die useless first order of business I draw a map in the sand mark where I stand as the capital of civilization   within me the detailed blueprints of the pyramids and the concept of zero beyond me the finite frontier the many miles of undeveloped shoreline with spectacular views of a sea filled with intricately depicted monsters   I have a lot to do before I introduce the new world to art and astronomy and industry medicine and technology ethics politics democracy by a show of hands we shall elect which tree to burn in the first fireA real one wouldn't need one, but the one Nathan draws surely does: four oblongs the size and color of popsicles, green apple, toasted coconut and grape, flanked, two per side, by billowing valentine hearts, in a frame of Scotch tape. Alive, it could stay off the floor, for a few unaerodynamic minutes; thrown as a paper airplane, for one or two more. Very sensibly, therefore, our son gave it something, not to keep it apart from the ground forever, but rather to make safe its descent. When we ask that imagination discover the limits of the real world only slowly, maybe this is what we meant.A town so flat a grave's a hill, ; ;   A dusk the color of beer. A row of schooldesks shadows fill, ; ;   A row of houses near. A courthouse spreading to its lawn, ; ;   A bank clock's lingering heat. A gleam of storefronts not quite gone, ; ;   A courthouse in the street. A different element, almost, ; ;   A dry creek brimming black. A light to lure the darkness close, ; ;   A light to keep it back. A time so still a heart's a sound, ; ;   A moon the color of skin. A pumpjack bowing to the ground, ; ;   Again, again, again.This inwardness, this ice, this wide boreal whiteness into which he's come with a crawling sort of care for the sky's severer blue, the edge on the air, trusting his own lightness and the feel as feeling goes; this discipline, this glaze, this cold opacity of days begins to crack. No marks, not one scar, no sign of where they are, these weaknesses rumoring through, growing loud if he stays, louder if he turns back. Nothing to do but move. Nowhere to go but on, to creep, and breathe, and learn a blue beyond belief, an air too sharp to pause, this distance, this burn, this element of flaws that winces as it gives. Nothing to do but live. Nowhere to be but gone.; What to do with this knowledge that our living is not guaranteed? ; Perhaps one day you touch the young branch of something beautiful. & it grows & grows despite your birthdays & the death certificate, & it one day shades the heads of something beautiful or makes itself useful to the nest. Walk out of your house, then, believing in this. Nothing else matters. All above us is the touching of strangers & parrots, some of them human, some of them not human. Listen to me. I am telling you a true thing. This is the only kingdom. The kingdom of touching; the touches of the disappearing, things.He is for a long time bleating the embassy collection: (water-resistant cot, a resurgent stretch of storefronts to dive into, compadre, col legno, funding the new permits, pleasing room, murderous rain. Near-spring night, stars on flat blackboards, essay estate questions passed person to person. The lottery window I turn red past, hyacinth-lanced dawn. In green tree talk the transcriber dons a dark robe, a mirror. The notebook discovered the parting sun, magnificent trough, blind hair on a head of state, streak-woods in the winding road atlas—stranded shore. Pose in flight covered by weeds, claw hair-rocks, Pullulation. Push-up. Push-up. Pestilentia reeds announce—trebly isolated, a closed trio, the trinity trick-fucked—in a.I have sinned in front of mirrors But I'll say this in my defense— Too scared to face my indecency the voice with a larynx big as mangoes too— I took your voice burnt with tabaco They say you must first imitate before your tongue jagged in novice can ripen a word shape it along color before words being enough change what's before you Now squeezing the bandages of injured history when they hid your clothing from the riverbank slings of leather like slices stretched along your skin in the mood of talking drum you remember only when they tighten speak from tension after all It's time for your dissertation mirrored cool one more color on the chameleon's back Time to play forgive the rainbow your song of imperfectioni.m. India's missing girls    This is not really myth or secret. This murmur in the mouth of the mountain where the sound of rain is born. This surging past pilgrim town and village well. This coin-thin vagina and acid stain of bone. This doctor with his rusty tools, this street cleaner, this mother laying down the bloody offerings of birth. This is not the cry of a beginning, or a river buried in the bowels of the earth. This is the sound of ten million girls singing of a time in the universe when they were born with tigers breathing between their thighs; when they set out for battle with all three eyes on fire, their golden breasts held high like weapons to the sky.Nothing's in the nest. No needles. No newborn ravens. Maybe something like night in the deep hollow, an eggshell planet, cracked in the middle, an empty bowl of soup. Nothing's in the nest. No thread. No webs of words. Maybe something like my navel, the eclipse of a magnifying glass. A slice, mute with regard to its empty depths. In the nest, nothing. The web unwoven. Dismembered. In the space, something, yes. A piece of cloth. Sounding like flags taking wing, a worm in its beak and suddenly, eyes, my eyes which, cutting across the empty air, direct themselves at something noiseless over there.Dear Commissioner here are my directive accounts of genitals and cash now bring me your goods We don't live among fowlers Not all poisonous juices are burning or bitter nor is everything now which is burning and bitter poisonous Air is removed from the workspace and dispersed into the multiverse It's very strict metadata You get echoes and dropouts For the most part Juliet is gaseous now as a caucasian she gets it on the head and face and I move from hypocrisy to cynicism Cristal all over the face and neck concrete and glinting audible light on jumbotron marmalade for miles That good wood kept calling my name Behavior meet Behavior, Behavior meat all the social organsThis is not a book. Otherwise, by now We would love each other. You would not put me first, Out of a kind habit, under your coat And clutch—as a sudden rain Spate down. For I've seen it done For the hardly known. No, you would know with a book you love: How nothing held your eyes The way the words did, with archer-focus: How each arrow heading toward you Was slowed by the dripping beehive On its spike— Nothing else could hold what you are Still: I pressed your heart in speech and saw What a musical you let rush, nothing Else in the eyes. This is not a book, But a streak— Words cross reins— The brow splits, veins careen.Left a hole on fire agony or was it the sun on the banks and near duets? Eagles with the white wine of the sun clink and spill, tall grass over head and heels . . . Space of hell: shy, inscribed already but alone— I think I can be that again, a new hole in the ongoing flute. In a leap, the country glows— to hone the fate that wonder exacts, to go netted through that much, so heavy as paperweights angels land square on chaparral nerves. And since names must give in spades, out of sorts like these, your reactions may swell great fountain lips— a promise that a wish will purge or pennies caravan the safe return hearts cross.O melting rainbow that embrace this roof O persistent covenant hangs around giving us nothing, leaves its muck in the water expects us to be knocked out by its fine colors weren’t you nothing too, weren’t you sea bottom crunched down into fuel and when that eggshell roof busts through mama’s gonna buy you a rainbow ride for free an illumination, an inflammation hyperion flame headdress dream pins in the fuel balloons of Koolaid burst down to cool the sticky baby’s head plus a credit card a glock a new bible a princess dress a mermaid princess dress so you’ll be twice submerged or an erased Indian princess pajama set now go to sleepI was the fourth ship. ; ; Behind Niña, Pinta, Santa María, ; ; Lost at sea while watching a seagull, ; ; Following the wind and sunset skies, ; ; While the others set their charts. I was the fourth ship. ; ; Breathing in salt and flying with clouds, ; ; Sailing moonbreezes and starvision nights, ; ; Rolling into the wave and savoring its lull, ; ; While the others pointed their prows. I was the fourth ship. ; ; Playfully in love with the sea, ; ; Eternally entwined with the sky, ; ; Forever vowed to my voyage, ; ; While the others shouted "Land."sometimes ( ; ; ; ; ;    when the night air feels chévere!  ) when i can hear the real sound of el barrio on la conga ;   y timbales  coke bottles & garbage can tops ; ; when i can feel ; ; & reallyreally touch ; ; la música Latina / ;africana & the fingerpoppin' soul emergin from tears / ;sweet tears of laughter ; ; & i can feel ; ; a conglomeration of vibrations / ; ; heat waves ; ; body waves ; ; people waves ; ; of real gente ; ;I'm used to the emperor's bitterness I can't find the sweet place unless you make me This face that is not my face I may look made but when you touch me you make me Make the oak say blossom The stripped say swell The avenue pavement say river Make me This shirt I can't take off The one the nights without you gathered to make me The new day The sweet place Tomorrow whispering from tonight's last light Make me Kissing you without authorization If you want me to stop you'll have to make me The ruined city Or is it a woman interrupting your sleep to say Now To say Make me(a myth of consequences)    The ivy across our back fence tangles gray into a green evening light. How a second emptiness un-punctuates the first. Disloyal, we attempt to construct. An ache will tighten but not form. Making impossible even this upsurge of crows across our sightline. The Mayans invented zero so as not to ignore even the gods who wouldn't carry their burdens. Too slippery as prayer, too effortless as longing. Our problem was preparation. Premeditation neutered any rage potential. Years later, the spine of our backyard appears to have always been crooked. White jasmine, dove-calm in the lattice, is not a finely crafted lure.This must happen just after I die: At sunrise I bend over my grandparents' empty house in Hazelwood and pull it out of the soft cindered earth by the Mon River. Copper tubing and electric lines hang down like hairs. The house is the size of a matchbox. I sprinkle bits of broken pallets, seeded grass, fingernails, and tamarack needles in the open door of the porch. I scratch a Blue Tip and blow vowels of fire through the living room, the tunneled hallway. Flames run up the wooden stairs. I put my ear beside the hot kitchen window to hear the crackling voices of cupboards and walls. I flip the welder's mask: Sun off the rectangular glass, a rose glint before the white torch.When I cannot believe, The brown herds still move across green fields Into the tufty hills, and I was born Higher, where I could watch them as a bird might. When even memory seems imagined, what Can I bring to prayer? A pair of knees. The great faith that built a stair to heaven As now my memory tries to climb a hill, Becomes an old stone building, a deaf priest Whose hand is in the pockets of his parish, Who longs to buy a bell he'll never hear. The water in the font is cold, I trace A circle on my brow and not a cross.She spun a line. She knew he was listening to her. She spun it and he took the fraying ends. Whatever she was saying, it was cotton, Then as he rolled the thread between Forefinger and thumb it turned to silk, And as he took the needle up to thread it The line she spun became thin finest gold. He knew not to believe her but he took it Because she kept on spinning like the truth Was ravelling from her lips; he watched her lips. Cotton, silk and gold, she wanted him To take the line and sew the wound right up Although she held the blade still in her hand Behind her back, and it was dripping, steaming. There under his left arm the gash lay open Like a mouth in disbelief. And he believed her.The teddy bear cholla and the fat fat • Oh buckthorn, devil, whipple, teddy bear • Oh beavertail, oh pancake, porcupine • Oh plump saguaro with your hairy arms, I love Each of you with a different nerve of heart. Especially you, so trim, so pert, your birds Cupped in your pits and crotches, little friends • Oh areoles and aureoles, the orioles With yellow caps are havering and hot Making themselves a breeze with their cut wings • I ask the docent and he indicates • Oh nation, how you might have been, spread from So sure an order, with such tendering loveYou with the knees of a fish, You with the fish's ears, the tongue in your round Mouth that's nibbling the sweet air, You with a fish's patience, on your side Under the hot plank ot the keel, hook in your lip, And your tail twitching like a bothered lily, And the taste of your own bleeding on the air, salt on the sweetness, You with a fish's voice, singing and still Your aria, and the blue-silver flecks of light, The water's scales, breathing the breeze Abundant and not for you, you with a hook, Absurd, you with lidless mercuried eyes; And the reel whistles, the tall man's cast at you.I would not paint — a picture — I'd rather be the One It's bright impossibility To dwell — delicious — on — And wonder how the fingers feel Whose rare — celestial — stir — Evokes so sweet a torment — Such sumptuous — Despair — I would not talk, like Cornets — I'd rather be the One Raised softly to the Ceilings — And out, and easy on — Through Villages of Ether — Myself endued Balloon By but a lip of Metal — The pier to my Pontoon — Nor would I be a Poet — It's finer — Own the Ear — Enamored — impotent — content — The License to revere, A privilege so awful What would the Dower be, Had I the Art to stun myself With Bolts — of Melody!As apparent as the rest, the asphalt cracks are crowded with yellow weeds, the rust goes beyond its bleeding color, and the lot's rails, battered by cars, cast larger bars by noon. On one side of the market someone painted a row of flower pots, hanging geraniums for the locals who must now go across town. As apparent as the rest, El Tigre walks upright, wears a tiny sombrero and sarape, and pushes a grocery cart full of food. His painted stripes are starting to flake like the bounty he wheels for the families drifting into the parking lot off 3rd Street and next to the train station still waiting to the retrofitted for the big one.Unused baby blood and this is how you motion with hands clotty leaving    You have your apparatus being the Frog Husband and I burn your frog skin to keep you in the shape I prefer    Chimes   You wrote in your apple box   Elegant neck    I tried to glue the ripped paper back to the religious art but it doesn't work    Making a mess of it    Wasp friend landed on my shoulder sparkle to say ;This place we are in ; ;  is a place ; ;    Broil the asparagus    Frog heart apparatus    Wash towels and rags on WednesdaysThe sun is beginning to go down over a field of yellow onions. The edges of the clouds are almost pink, and at this hour the maguey rises up like a flower of dark blades. I worked so long today I have forgotten my own hunger. It takes a full minute for me to remember a word I have used all my life. What the Mexicans call poncho. At twilight I see it, abandoned, hanging like a ghost on the limb of a tree: my own brown ruana next to gray speckled chickens pecking at roots and a black track of storm coming west over the green mountain.Today there has been so much talk of things exploding into other things, so much that we all become curious, that we all run outside into the hot streets and hug. Romance is a grotto of eager stones anticipating light, or a girl whose teeth you can always see. With more sparkle and pop is the only way to live. Your confetti tongue explodes into acid jazz. Small typewriters that other people keep in their eyes click away at all our farewell parties. It is hard to pack for the rest of your life. Someone is always eating cold cucumber noodles. Someone will drop by later to help dismantle some furniture. A lot can go wrong if you sleep or think, but the trees go on waving their broken little hands.My mother the hard boned Chinese woman 23 years in this country without bothering to learn its language buys lean pork ribs special order at the Hop Sang in Chinatown and cooks dinner for an extended family of twenty-five during holidays. Seated loosely around the dining table trying to eat quietly I am scrubbed down to skin and bone, her oldest daughter— spineless, a headless snake a woman grandfather says who should have her tendons lifted out slowly by the steel point of a darning needle until she writhes. To my mother I'm useless but dangerous, capable of swallowing the family whole into my pelvis while I sit waiting for the boyfriend white and forbidden to touch our doorbell.In a fish cleaning station near the equator, off the coast of Africa, summer stretches over the barracudas, their long mirrored-chrome bodies heaped like eel fillets, slung jaws gaping, red canine teeth exposed as if they still crave meat and muscle. Even dead, they are a melancholy fish, never satisfied, always wanting to bite off more than they can chew, their curious white eyes in a lidless showdown with an existence beyond the visible. Maybe they are the spawn of the serpent who prowled and tempted Eve, cast into the saltwater. They are terrifying and defiant, their pointed heads hammering towards the light, waiting for the first sign of weakness. The fishermen catch them hovering just beneath the surface. What is it like to die with your eyes wide open in the bright sun?—Independence Day Celebration 2011, Dhaka ; ; ;  i. In a courtyard, in these stacks of chairs ; ;   before the empty stage—near arewe Lord, near and graspable. Lord, ; ;   accept these humble offerings: stacks of biscuits wrapped in cellophane, ; ;   stacks of bone in glass: thighbone, spine. Stacks of white saucers, porcelain ; ;   circles into which stacks of lip-worn cups slide neat. Jawbone, Lord. Galleries ; ;   of laminated clippings declaring war. Hands unstack chairs into rows. The dead: ; ;   they still go begging.—at Apollo Hospital, Dhaka    Let me break ; ; ; ; ;    free of these lace-frail ; ; ; ; ;    lilac fingers disrobing the black sky ; ; ; ; ;    from the windows of this ; ; ; ; ;    room, I sit helpless, waiting, silent—sister, ; ; ; ; ;    because you drew from me ; ; ; ; ;    the coil of red twine: loneliness— spooled inside— ; ; ; ; ;    once, I wanted to say one ; ; ; ; ;    true thing, as in, I want more in this(from Macbeth, spoken by Lady Macbeth)    The raven himself is hoarseThat croaks the fatal entrance of DuncanUnder my battlements. Come, you spiritsThat tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here,And fill me, from the crown to the toe, top-fullOf direst cruelty! Make thick my blood,Stop up th' access and passage to remorse,That no compunctious visitings of natureShake my fell purpose, nor keep peace betweenThe effect and it! Come to my woman's breasts,And take my milk for gall, you murd'ring ministers,Wherever in your sightless substancesYou wait on nature's mischief! Come, thick night,And pall thee in the dunnest smoke of hell,That my keen knife see not the wound it makes,Nor heaven peep through the blanket of the dark,To cry "Hold, hold!"(from Romeo and Juliet, spoken by Juliet)    O Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?Deny thy father and refuse thy name.Or if thou wilt not, be but sworn my loveAnd I’ll no longer be a Capulet.‘Tis but thy name that is my enemy:Thou art thyself, though not a Montague.What’s Montague? It is nor hand nor footNor arm nor face nor any other partBelonging to a man. O be some other name.What’s in a name? That which we call a roseBy any other name would smell as sweet;So Romeo would, were he not Romeo call’d,Retain that dear perfection which he owesWithout that title. Romeo, doff thy name,And for that name, which is no part of thee,Take all myself.This boy lying face down in my sleep pushes around jars of jelly, waking me the night he is found so I can drag him from the wet ground and clean his blackened belly, this boy lying face down who is somehow bound to me, this hunted herdsman, refugee waking me the night he is found. Am I to dress him in an open gown, bless the holes in his chest with tea leaves? This boy lying face down, permeating even the simplest sound, with the crack in the door he slowly cries, waking me the night he is found, lips parted to my blue-black ground, whispering red vetch inside me, this slender boy lying down, waking me the night he is found.After wandering years Basho returned to gaze at his umbilical cord pickled in a jar. Plopped in brine years ago like the frog in the pond in his famous haiku. Of course fame meant nothing to him. He stood in the blazing rain in his family graveyard and as a crow squawked overhead the stones proclaimed him the last of his line. He kept feeling inside his straw raincoat for a missing limb or the hole where the wind and rain flew in. I'll get drunk tonight, he thought, and his eyelashes glistened as he trudged back to his hermit's hut to gaze again at the jar.A wound is a blossom but only to the living. A May night, birdsong before the first light pierces, chirps out of blackness: My daughter's angry at me and her mother as I was once angry at mine. It's a way of crossing over. I'm so tired now. And my core's all water, flowing somewhere where the sea can't find her. And neither can I. How much longer till I finally lose her? Where is the first dawn wet blossom? Who recalls how I touched her mother once? Or many others? How night is not always easy. Nor are daughters. Nor are sons. And how is it I've become a father watching light sift slowly into the daughterless dark.Dear Angry Mob, Oak Wood Trail is closed to you. We feel it unnecessary to defend our position, for we have always thought of ourselves (and rightly, I venture) as a haven for those seeking a quiet and solitary contemplation. We are truly sorry for the inconvenience. Signed, ; ; ; ; ; ;    Ranger Lil PS ; ;  Ofttimes as the day ends ; ; ; ;   on a wet bed of yellow leaves ; ; ; ; ;    or the sky densens gray and dark ; ; ;   I am brought to imagine ; ; ; ;   the growing disquiet ; ; ; ; ; ;in the hearts of my countrymenMy master/father sent me up from South Carolina to Boston as a nine-year-old. My mother's illiterate silence has been a death. I wonder if she still labors in his fields. His sister, dutiful but cold as snow, gave me a little room in her house, below the stairs with the Irish servants, who hated me for the fatal flaw in my genealogy. For the first time in my life I am at home in this bevy of scholars, my first family. Here, the wallpapers welcome me into every room, and the mirrors see me, not my pedigree. My sisters, Jerusha, Emilia, Elizabeth ... But Mama's unlettered silence is a death.For Ruben Ahoueya    Today in America people were bought and sold: five hundred for a "likely Negro wench." If someone at auction is worth her weight in gold, how much would she be worth by pound? By ounce? If I owned an unimaginable quantity of wealth, could I buy an iota of myself? How would I know which part belonged to me? If I owned part, could I set my part free? It must be worth something—maybe a lot— that my great-grandfather, they say, killed a lion. They say he was black, with muscles as hard as iron, that he wore a necklace of the claws of the lion he'd fought. How much do I hear, for his majesty in my blood? I auction myself. And I make the highest bid.The trouble with paradise is you never want to be away from home. I make what calls me out. All gone before you know it. Words may drop passing color yet seeing you here now are born again, and again. Closing a word in the mouth feels the sound until the tongue can't stay still. To unmask is to go silent. Language makes no promise to communicate. An articulated sound has its own dream in the ear. Her presence in the room gives aroma to the syllables I voice. Now she's ready to draw eros from foreign bodies. It starts by focusing on the sounds beyond hearing, still felt. By she I mean who speaking animate configures. This is the time of alternative obscurities to see through. Through thoroughly, as a word weighs.Three sorts of serpents do resemble thee:  That dangerous eye-killing cockatrice,  The enchanting siren, which doth so entice,  The weeping crocodile—these vile pernicious three.  The basilisk his nature takes from thee,  Who for my life in secret wait dost lie,  And to my heart sendst poison from thine eye:  Thus do I feel the pain, the cause, yet cannot see.  Fair-maid no more, but Mer-maid be thy name,  Who with thy sweet alluring harmony  Hast played the thief, and stolen my heart from me,  And like a tyrant makst my grief thy game:    Thou crocodile, who when thou hast me slain,    Lamentst my death, with tears of thy disdain.Before the sixth day of the next new year,Strange wonders in this kingdom shall appear:Four kings shall be assembled in this isle,Where they shall keep great tumult for awhile.Many men then shall have an end of crosses,And many likewise shall sustain great losses;Many that now full joyful are and glad,Shall at that time be sorrowful and sad;Full many a Christian's heart shall quake for fear,The dreadful sound of trump when he shall hear.Dead bones shall then be tumbled up and down,In every city and in every town.By day or night this tumult shall not cease,Until an herald shall proclaim a peace;An herald strong, the like was never born,Whose very beard is flesh and mouth is horn.Read in my face a volume of despairs,The wailing Iliads of my tragic woe,Drawn with my blood and printed with my caresWrought by her hand, that I have honor'd so.Who, whilst I burn, she sings at my soul's wrack,Looking aloft from turret of her pride;There my soul's tyrant joys her in the sackOf her own seat, whereof I made her guide.There do these smokes that from affliction rise,Serve as an incense to a cruel Dame;A sacrifice thrice grateful to her eyes,Because their power serve to exact the same.***Thus ruins she, to satisfy her will,***The Temple where her name was honor'd still.The weaver bird built in our house And laid its eggs on our only tree. We did not want to send it away. We watched the building of the nest And supervised the egg-laying. And the weaver returned in the guise of the owner. Preaching salvation to us that owned the house. They say it came from the west Where the storms at sea had felled the gulls And the fishers dried their nets by lantern light. Its sermon is the divination of ourselves And our new horizon limits at its nest. But we cannot join the prayers and answers of the communicants. We look for new homes every day, For new altars we strive to rebuild The old shrines defiled by the weaver's excrement.Miracle of the children ; ;    the brilliant Children ; ; the word Liquid as woodlands ; ;    Children? When she was a child I read Exodus To my daughter ; ;'The children of Israel. . .' Pillar of fire Pillar of cloud We stared at the end Into each other's eyes ; ; ; ; ;   Where She said hushed Were the adults ; ;    We dreamed to each other Miracle of the children The brilliant children ; ; ; ;   Miracle Of their brilliance ; ; ; ;  Miracle ofComing to Sumer and the tamarisks on the river I Ezra with unsettling love rifled the mud and wattle huts for recent mournings with gold leaves and lapis lazuli beads in the neat braids loosening from the skull ;Looking through the wattles to the sun I said It has rained some here in this place unless snow falls heavily in the hills to do this ;The floor was smooth with silt and river weeds hanging gray on the bent reeds spoke saying Everything is even here as you can see ;Firing the huts I abandoned the unprofitable poor unequal even in the bone ;to disrespect ;and casual with certainty watched an eagle wing as I went to king and priestFor sleeplessness, your head face down, your shoulder blades floating and aspirin as a last resort, when death is threatening, though lately I have experimented with numbers and as for dreams I've never been boring and only once did I bite the arm of a woman sitting next to me and I should be careful, she might have a hand-written poem or a memoir and didn't I bite her arm and aren't we both poets, though I warn her that I make gurgling noises and twitch in both legs and make the bed jump and I am exhausted from looking at poems and I don't care about her nuts and bolts and she has to go to the wilderness herself and fuck the exercises, let her get smashed by a Mack truck, then she'll be ready to mourn.My shadow followed me to San Diego    silently, she never complained. No green card, no identity pass,    she is wedded to my fate. The moon is a drunk and anorectic,    constantly reeling, changing weight. My shadow dances grotesquely,    resentful she can't leave me. The moon mourns his unwritten novels,    cries naked into the trees and fades. Tomorrow, he'll return to beat me    blue—again, again and again. Goodbye Moon, goodbye Shadow.    My husband, my lover, I'm late. The sun will plunge through the window.    I must make my leap of faith.At sixteen, I worked after high school hours at a printing plant that manufactured legal pads: Yellow paper stacked seven feet high and leaning as I slipped cardboard between the pages, then brushed red glue up and down the stack. No gloves: fingertips required for the perfection of paper, smoothing the exact rectangle. Sluggish by 9 PM, the hands would slide along suddenly sharp paper, and gather slits thinner than the crevices of the skin, hidden. Then the glue would sting, hands oozing till both palms burned at the punchclock. Ten years later, in law school, I knew that every legal pad was glued with the sting of hidden cuts, that every open lawbook was a pair of hands upturned and burning.Remember after work you grabbed our skateboard, crouched like a surfer, wingtips over the edge; wheels clacketing down the pocked macadam, you veered almost straight into the neighbor's hedge? We ran after you laughing, shouting, Wait! Or that August night you swept us to the fair? The tallest person boarding the Ferris wheel, you rocked our car right when we hit the apex above the winking midway, to make us squeal. Next we raced you to the games, shouting, Wait! At your funeral, relatives and neighbors, shaking our hands, said, "So young to have died!" But we've dreamt you're just skating streets away, striding the fairgrounds toward a wilder ride. And we're still straggling behind, shouting, Wait—!Where is the word I want? Groping in the thicket, about to pinch the dangling berry, my fingerpads close on air. I can hear it scrabbling like a squirrel on the oak's far side.   Word, please send over this black stretch of ocean your singular flare, blaze your topaz in the mind's blank. I could always pull the gift from the lucky-dip barrel, scoop the right jewel from my dragon's trove.... Now I flail, the wrong item creaks up on the mental dumbwaiter. No use— it's turning out of sight, a bicycle down a Venetian alley— I clatter after, only to find gondolas bobbing in sunny silence, a pigeon mumbling something I just can't catch.This is no case of petty right or wrong That politicians or philosophers Can judge. I hate not Germans, nor grow hot With love of Englishmen, to please newspapers. Beside my hate for one fat patriot My hatred of the Kaiser is love true:— A kind of god he is, banging a gong. But I have not to choose between the two, Or between justice and injustice. Dinned With war and argument I read no more Than in the storm smoking along the wind Athwart the wood. Two witches' cauldrons roar. From one the weather shall rise clear and gay; Out of the other an England beautiful And like her mother that died yesterday.The anguish of the earth absolves our eyes Till beauty shines in all that we can see. War is our scourge; yet war has made us wise, And, fighting for our freedom, we are free.   Horror of wounds and anger at the foe, And loss of things desired; all these must pass. We are the happy legion, for we know Time's but a golden wind that shakes the grass.   There was an hour when we were loth to part From life we longed to share no less than others. Now, having claimed this heritage of heart, What need we more, my comrades and my brothers?Light a match. Watch the blue part ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  flare like a shocked piñata ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;from the beating ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;into the sky, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  watch how fast thin wood burns & turns toward the skin, the olive-orange skin of your thumb ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;    & let it burn, too. Light a fire. Drown out the singing cats. Let the drunken mariachis blaze their way, streaking like crazed hyenas over a brown hill, just underneath a perfect birthday moon.I love you, great new Titan!  Am I not you?  Napoleon and Caesar  Out of you grew.    Out of unthinkable torture,  Eyes kissed by death,  Won back to the world again,  Lost and won in a breath,    Cruel men are made immortal.  Out of your pain born,  They have stolen the sun's power  With their feet on your shoulders worn.    Let them shrink from your girth,  That has outgrown the pallid days  When you slept like Circe's swine  Or a word in the brain's ways.Sombre the night is:  And, though we have our lives, we know  What sinister threat lurks there.    Dragging these anguished limbs, we only know  This poison-blasted track opens on our camp—  On a little safe sleep.    But hark! Joy—joy—strange joy.  Lo! Heights of night ringing with unseen larks:  Music showering on our upturned listening faces.    Death could drop from the dark  As easily as song—  But song only dropped,  Like a blind man's dreams on the sand  By dangerous tides; Like a girl's dark hair, for she dreams no ruin lies there,  Or her kisses where a serpent hides.I have no idea what priests dream of on Christmas Eve, what prayer a crippled dog might whine before the shotgun. I have no more sense of what is sacred than a monk might have, sweeping the temple floor, slow gestures of honor to the left, the right. Maybe the leaf of grass tells us what is worthwhile. Maybe it tells us nothing. Perhaps a sacred moment is a photograph you look at over and over again, the one of you and her, hands lightly clasped like you did before prayer became necessary, the one with the sinking cathedral in Mexico City rising up behind you and a limping man frozen in time to the right of you, the moment when she touched your bare arm for the first time, her fingers like cool flashes of heaven.Such, such is Death: no triumph: no defeat:Only an empty pail, a slate rubbed clean,A merciful putting away of what has been.And this we know: Death is not Life, effete,Life crushed, the broken pail. We who have seenSo marvellous things know well the end not yet.Victor and vanquished are a-one in death:Coward and brave: friend, foe. Ghosts do not say,“Come, what was your record when you drew breath?”But a big blot has hid each yesterdaySo poor, so manifestly incomplete.And your bright Promise, withered long and sped,Is touched, stirs, rises, opens and grows sweetAnd blossoms and is you, when you are dead.Amazement fills my heart to-night,  Amaze and awful fears;  I am a ship that sees no light,  But blindly onward steers.    Flung toward heaven’s toppling rage,  Sunk between steep and steep,  A lost and wondrous fight I wage  With the embattled deep.    I neither know nor care at length  Where drives the storm about;  Only I summon all my strength  And swear to ride it out.    Yet give I thanks; despite these wars.  My ship—though blindly blown,  Long lost to sun or moon or stars—  Still stands up alone.  I need no trust in borrowed spars;  My strength is yet my own.Now, youth, the hour of thy dread passion comes; Thy lovely things must all be laid away; And thou, as others, must face the riven day Unstirred by rattle of the rolling drums, Or bugles' strident cry. When mere noise numbs The sense of being, the sick soul doth sway, Remember thy great craft's honour, that they may say Nothing in shame of poets. Then the crumbs Of praise the little versemen joyed to take Shall be forgotten; then they must know we are, For all our skill in words, equal in might And strong of mettle as those we honoured; make The name of poet terrible in just war, And like a crown of honour upon the fight.;    He's gone, and all our plans    Are useless indeed. We'll walk no more on Cotswold    Where the sheep feed    Quietly and take no heed.   His body that was so quick    Is not as you Knew it, on Severn river    Under the blue    Driving our small boat through.   You would not know him now ...    But still he died Nobly, so cover him over    With violets of pride    Purple from Severn side.   Cover him, cover him soon!    And with thick-set Masses of memoried flowers—    Hide that red wet    Thing I must somehow forget.'And all her silken flanks with garlands drest'— But we are coming to the sacrifice.  Must those flowers who are not yet gone West?  May those flowers who live with death and lice?  This must be the floweriest place  That earth allows; the queenly face  Of the proud mansion borrows grace for grace  Spite of those brute guns lowing at the skies.  Bold great daisies' golden lights,  Bubbling roses' pinks and whites— Such a gay carpet! poppies by the million;  Such damask! such vermilion!  But if you ask me, mate, the choice of colour  Is scarcely right; this red should have been duller.You've heard me, scornful, harsh, and discontented,    Mocking and loathing War: you've asked me why Of my old, silly sweetness I've repented—    My ecstasies changed to an ugly cry. You are aware that once I sought the Grail,    Riding in armour bright, serene and strong; And it was told that through my infant wail    There rose immortal semblances of song. But now I've said good-bye to Galahad,    And am no more the knight of dreams and show: For lust and senseless hatred make me glad,    And my killed friends are with me where I go. Wound for red wound I burn to smite their wrongs; And there is absolution in my songs."And then there were three whereas before there had been four or two And then there were four or two." Thus spake the King. No one dared ask what it meant. He seemed satisfied by the beauty of the logic that had arrived, the royal hall now lightly radiant as he arose from his throne and the world fell away, courtiers, battlements, and clouds, and he rose like a piece of paper on which his effigy had been traced in dotted lines whose dots came loose and flew away to a place in history where nothing mattered. And then there was one.One writes to ask me if I’ve readOf “the Jutland battle,” of “the great advanceMade by the Russians,” chiding—“HistoryIs being made these days, these are the thingsThat are worth while.” ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  These! ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;Not to one who’s lainIn Heaven before God’s throne with eyes abased,Worshipping Him, in many forms of Good,That sate thereon; turning this patchwork worldWholly to glorify Him, point His planToward some supreme perfection, dimly visionedBy loving faith: not these to him, when, stressedBy some soul-dizzying woe beyond his trust,He lifts his startled face, and finds the ThroneEmpty, turns away, too drunk with TruthTo mind his shame, or feel the loss of God.“I cannot quite remember.... There were five Dropt dead beside me in the trench—and three Whispered their dying messages to me....” Back from the trenches, more dead than alive, Stone-deaf and dazed, and with a broken knee, He hobbled slowly, muttering vacantly: “I cannot quite remember.... There were five Dropt dead beside me in the trench, and three Whispered their dying messages to me.... “Their friends are waiting, wondering how they thrive— Waiting a word in silence patiently.... But what they said, or who their friends may be “I cannot quite remember.... There where five Dropt dead beside me in the trench—and three Whispered their dying messages to me....”Some may have blamed you that you took away The verses that could move them on the day When, the ears being deafened, the sight of the eyes blind With lightning, you went from me, and I could find Nothing to make a song about but kings, Helmets, and swords, and half-forgotten things That were like memories of you—but now We'll out, for the world lives as long ago; And while we're in our laughing, weeping fit, Hurl helmets, crowns, and swords into the pit. But, dear, cling close to me; since you were gone, My barren thoughts have chilled me to the bone.I know that I shall meet my fate Somewhere among the clouds above; Those that I fight I do not hate, Those that I guard I do not love; My country is Kiltartan Cross, My countrymen Kiltartan’s poor, No likely end could bring them loss Or leave them happier than before. Nor law, nor duty bade me fight, Nor public men, nor cheering crowds, A lonely impulse of delight Drove to this tumult in the clouds; I balanced all, brought all to mind, The years to come seemed waste of breath, A waste of breath the years behind In balance with this life, this death.(“Died of Wounds”)    Because you died, I shall not rest again, ; But wander ever through the lone world wide,  Seeking the shadow of a dream grown vain ; ;    Because you died.    I shall spend brief and idle hours beside ; The many lesser loves that still remain,  But find in none my triumph and my pride;    And Disillusion's slow corroding stain ; Will creep upon each quest but newly tried,  For every striving now shall nothing gain ; ;    Because you died.O but we talked at large before The sixteen men were shot, But who can talk of give and take, What should be and what not While those dead men are loitering there To stir the boiling pot? You say that we should still the land Till Germany’s overcome; But who is there to argue that Now Pearse is deaf and dumb? And is their logic to outweigh MacDonagh’s bony thumb? How could you dream they’d listen That have an ear alone For those new comrades they have found, Lord Edward and Wolfe Tone, Or meddle with our give and take That converse bone to bone?O living pictures of the dead, O songs without a sound, O fellowship whose phantom tread Hallows a phantom ground— How in a gleam have these revealed The faith we had not found.   We have sought God in a cloudy Heaven, We have passed by God on earth: His seven sins and his sorrows seven, His wayworn mood and mirth, Like a ragged cloak have hid from us The secret of his birth.   Brother of men, when now I see The lads go forth in line, Thou knowest my heart is hungry in me As for thy bread and wine; Thou knowest my heart is bowed in me To take their death for mine.At dawn the ridge emerges massed and dun In the wild purple of the glow'ring sun, Smouldering through spouts of drifting smoke that shroud The menacing scarred slope; and, one by one, Tanks creep and topple forward to the wire. The barrage roars and lifts. Then, clumsily bowed With bombs and guns and shovels and battle-gear, Men jostle and climb to, meet the bristling fire. Lines of grey, muttering faces, masked with fear, They leave their trenches, going over the top, While time ticks blank and busy on their wrists, And hope, with furtive eyes and grappling fists, Flounders in mud. O Jesus, make it stop!Autumn 1914    'O England, may God punish thee!' — Is it that Teuton genius flowers Only to breathe malignity Upon its friend of earlier hours?— We have eaten your bread, you have eaten ours, We have loved your burgs, your pines' green moan, Fair Rhine-stream, and its storied towers; Your shining souls of deathless dowers Have won us as they were our own: We have nursed no dreams to shed your blood, We have matched your might not rancorously Save a flushed few whose blatant mood You heard and marked as well as we To tongue not in their country's key; But yet you cry with face aflame, 'O England, may God punish thee!' And foul in onward history, And present sight, your ancient name.October 18, 1914    I dreamt that people from the Land of Chimes Arrived one autumn morning with their bells, To hoist them on the towers and citadels Of my own country, that the musical rhymes Rung by them into space at meted times Amid the market's daily stir and stress, And the night's empty star-lit silentness, Might solace souls of this and kindred climes. Then I awoke; and lo, before me stood The visioned ones, but pale and full of fear; From Bruges they came, and Antwerp, and Ostend, No carillons in their train. Foes of mad mood Had shattered these to shards amid the gear Of ravaged roof, and smouldering gable-end.April 1915    I walked in loamy Wessex lanes, afar From rail-track and from highway, and I heard In field and farmstead many an ancient word Of local lineage like 'Thu bist,' 'Er war,' 'Ich woll', 'Er sholl', and by-talk similar, Nigh as they speak who in this month's moon gird At England's very loins, thereunto spurred By gangs whose glory threats and slaughters are. Then seemed a Heart crying: 'Whosoever they be At root and bottom of this, who flung this flame Between kin folk kin tongued even as are we, 'Sinister, ugly, lurid, be their fame; May their familiars grow to shun their name, And their brood perish everlastingly.'To Francis Fowler Hogan    I think at first like us he did not seeThe goal to which the screaming eagles flew;For romance lured him, France, and chivalry;But Oh! Before the end he knew, he knew!And gave his first full love to Liberty,And met her face to face one lurid nightWhile the guns boomed their shuddering minstrelsyAnd all the Argonne glowed with demon light.And Liberty herself came through the wood,And with her dear, boy lover kept the tryst;Clasped in her grand, Greek arms he understoodWhose were the fatal lips that he had kissed—Lipes that the soul of Youth has loved from old—Hot lips of Liberty that kiss men cold.And have we done with War at last?   Well, we've been lucky devils both,   And there's no need of pledge or oath   To bind our lovely friendship fast,   By firmer stuff   Close bound enough. ;By wire and wood and stake we're bound,   By Fricourt and by Festubert,   By whipping rain, by the sun's glare,   By all the misery and loud sound,   By a Spring day,   By Picard clay. ;Show me the two so closely bound   As we, by the wet bond of blood,   By friendship blossoming from mud,   By Death: we faced him, and we found   Beauty in Death,   In dead men, breath.I have sought Happiness, but it has been A lovely rainbow, baffling all pursuit, And tasted Pleasure, but it was a fruit More fair of outward hue than sweet within. Renouncing both, a flake in the ferment Of battling hosts that conquer or recoil, There only, chastened by fatigue and toil, I knew what came the nearest to content. For there at least my troubled flesh was free From the gadfly Desire that plagued it so; Discord and Strife were what I used to know, Heartaches, deception, murderous jealousy; By War transported far from all of these, Amid the clash of arms I was at peace.Not that I always struck the proper mean Of what mankind must give for what they gain, But, when I think of those whom dull routine And the pursuit of cheerless toil enchain, Who from their desk-chairs seeing a summer cloud Race through blue heaven on its joyful course Sigh sometimes for a life less cramped and bowed, I think I might have done a great deal worse; For I have ever gone untied and free, The stars and my high thoughts for company; Wet with the salt-spray and the mountain showers, I have had the sense of space and amplitude, And love in many places, silver-shoed, Has come and scattered all my path with flowers.Incurable and unbelieving in any truth but the truth of grieving, I saw a tree inside a tree rise kaleidoscopically as if the leaves had livelier ghosts. I pressed my face as close to the pane as I could get to watch that fitful, fluent spirit that seemed a single being undefined or countless beings of one mind haul its strange cohesion beyond the limits of my vision over the house heavenwards. Of course I knew those leaves were birds. Of course that old tree stood exactly as it had and would (but why should it seem fuller now?) and though a man's mind might endow even a tree with some excess of life to which a man seems witness, that life is not the life of men. And that is where the joy came in.Do you remember the rude nudists? Lazing easy in girth and tongue, wet slops and smacks of flesh as they buttered every crevice. Sungrunts. Blubberpalaver. We were always hiking some hill toward some beauty some ; human meanness ruined. We were always waiting too long to let ourselves be seen. It was an ocean's gesticulations, articulate elephant seals, ; grounded clouds grown all one mouth. What could we do but laugh, casting clothes aside as if the air were ice and water a warm bed, goose-stepping goose-pimpled past their appeased surprise into ; the waves. What could we do?   We could—we did—love take a long look at each other ; ; ; ; ; and creep quietly away.Lord is not a word. Song is not a salve. Suffer the child, who lived on sunlight and solitude. Savor the man, craving earth like an aftertaste. To discover in one's hand two local stones the size of a dead man's eyes saves no one, but to fling them with a grace you did not know you knew, to bring them skimming homing over blue, is to discover the river from which they came. Mild merciful amnesia through which I've moved as through a blue atmosphere of almost and was, how is it now, like ruins unearthed by ruin, my childhood should rise? Lord, suffer me to sing these wounds by which I am made and marred, savor this creature whose aloneness you ease and are.You love us when we're heroes, home on leave,Or wounded in a mentionable place.You worship decorations; you believeThat chivalry redeems the war's disgrace.You make us shells. You listen with delight,By tales of dirt and danger fondly thrilled.You crown our distant ardours while we fight,And mourn our laurelled memories when we're killed.You can't believe that British troops “retire”When hell's last horror breaks them, and they run,Trampling the terrible corpses—blind with blood.    O German mother dreaming by the fire,    While you are knitting socks to send your son    His face is trodden deeper in the mud.Last night I found my face below the water in my cupped hands. The mask made of copper and bone criss-crossing to make a smirk, a false glamour, a plated glaze. I unwound myself from the heavy machinery of my body's burden. The lute, the light, chime.   I'll get up and partner myself with music, the purple moon peeling itself like a plum. Men stand in a circle and they will ask and ask again. I want to pick the thick bud, to lose myself in the body's posture bending in or away, to let my majesty and birthright go and gesture toward a waking life.In sodden trenches I have heard men speak, Though numb and wretched, wise and witty things; And loved them for the stubbornness that clings Longest to laughter when Death's pulleys creak;   And seeing cool nurses move on tireless feet To do abominable things with grace, Deemed them sweet sisters in that haunted place Where, with child's voices, strong men howl or bleat.   Yet now those men lay stubborn courage by, Riding dull-eyed and silent in the train To old men's stools; or sell gay-coloured socks And listen fearfully for Death; so I Love the low-laughing girls, who now again Go daintily, in thin and flowery frocks.Colonel Cold strode up the Line    (tabs of rime and spurs of ice);stiffened all that met his glare:    horses, men and lice.Visited a forward post,    left them burning, ear to foot;fingers stuck to biting steel,    toes to frozen boot.Stalked on into No Man’s Land,    turned the wire to fleecy wool,iron stakes to sugar sticks    snapping at a pull.Those who watched with hoary eyes    saw two figures gleaming there;Hauptmann Kälte, colonel old,    gaunt in the grey air.Stiffly, tinkling spurs they moved,    glassy-eyed, with glinting heelstabbing those who lingered there    torn by screaming steel.I thought I was so tough, But gentled at your hands, Cannot be quick enough To fly for you and show That when I go I go At your commands. Even in flight above I am no longer free: You seeled me with your love, I am blind to other birds— The habit of your words Has hooded me. As formerly, I wheel I hover and I twist, But only want the feel, In my possessive thought, Of catcher and of caught Upon your wrist. You but half civilize, Taming me in this way. Through having only eyes For you I fear to lose, I lose to keep, and choose Tamer as prey.Forgive me, Aunt Phyllis, for rejecting the cutglass dishes—the odd set you gathered pieceby piece from thirteen boxes of Lux laundry soap.Pardon me, eggbeater, for preferring the whisk;and you, small ship in a bottle, for the diminutivesize of your ocean. Please don’t tell my mother,hideous lamp, that the light you providedwas never enough. Domestic deities, do not be angrythat my counters are not white with flour;no one is sorrier than I, iron skillet, for the heavylonging for lightness directing my mortal hand.And my apologies, to you, above all,forsaken dresses, that sway from a rod betweenladders behind me, clicking your plastic tonguesat the girl you once made beautiful,and the woman, with a hard heart andsoftening body, who stands in the drivewaymaking change.I don’t know when it slipped into my speechthat soft word meaning, “if God wills it.”Insha’Allah I will see you next summer.The baby will come in spring, insha’Allah.Insha’Allah this year we will have enough rain.So many plans I’ve laid have unraveledeasily as braids beneath my mother’s quick fingers.Every language must have a word for this. A wordour grandmothers uttered under their breathas they pinned the whites, soaked in lemon,hung them to dry in the sun, or peeled potatoes,dropping the discarded skins into a bowl.Our sons will return next month, insha’Allah.Insha’Allah this war will end, soon. Insha’Allahthe rice will be enough to last through winter.How lightly we learn to hold hope,as if it were an animal that could turn aroundand bite your hand. And still we carry itthe way a mother would, carefully,from one day to the next.Someone must have seen an old dogdragging its broken body throughthe wet grass;someone should have known it was lost,drinking from the old well, then liftingits head to the wind off the bottoms,and someone might have wanted that dogtrailing its legs along the groundlike vines sliding up the creeksearching for sun;but they were not there when the dogwandered through Turley’s Woods lookingfor food and stopped beneath the thorn treesand wrapped its tail around its noseuntil it was covered by falling leavesthat piled up and upuntil there was no lost dog at allto hear the distant voice callingthrough the timber,only a tired heart breathing slower,and breath, soft as mist, above the leaves.I am hoping to hang your head on my wall in shame— the slightest taxidermy thrills me. Fish forever leaping on the living-room wall— paperweights made from skulls of small animals. I want to wear your smile on my sleeve & break your heart like a horse or its leg. Weeks of being bucked off, then all at once, you're mine— Put me down. I want to call you thine to tattoo mercy along my knuckles. I assassindown the avenue I hope to have you forgotten by noon. To know you by your knees palsied by prayer. Loneliness is a science— consider the taxidermist's tender hands trying to keep from losing skin, the bobcat grin of the living.There it was, word for word, The poem that took the place of a mountain. He breathed its oxygen, Even when the book lay turned in the dust of his table. It reminded him how he had needed A place to go to in his own direction, How he had recomposed the pines, Shifted the rocks and picked his way among clouds, For the outlook that would be right, Where he would be complete in an unexplained completion: The exact rock where his inexactnesses Would discover, at last, the view toward which they had edged, Where he could lie and, gazing down at the sea, Recognize his unique and solitary home.An envelope arrives unannounced from overseas  containing stark white sheets,   perfect in their presentation of absence.  Only a bold logo on top   revealed its origin, but absolutely nothing else.  I examined the sheets,   peered through their grains —  heavy cotton-laid striations —   concealing text, in white ink, postmarked India.  Even the watermark’s translucence   made the script’s invisibility transparent.  Buried among the involute contours, lay sheets   of sophisticated pulp, paper containing  scattered metaphors — uncoded, unadorned,   untouched — virgin lines that spill, populate  and circulate to keep alive its breathings.   Corpuscles of a very different kind —  hieroglyphics, unsolved, but crystal-clear.Couched on crimson cushions,  pink bleeds gold   and red spills into one’s heart.  Broad leather keeps time,   calibrating different hours  in different zones   unaware of the grammar  that makes sense.   Only random woofs and snores  of two distant dogs   on a very cold night  clears fog that is unresolved.   New plants wait for new heat —  to grow, to mature.   An old cane recliner contains  poetry for peace — woven   text keeping comfort in place.  But it is the impatience of want   that keeps equations unsolved.  Heavy, translucent, vaporous,   split red by mother tongues —  winter’s breath is pink.The hinge of the year the great gates opening and then slowly slowly closing on us.  I always imagine those gates hanging over the ocean fiery over the stone grey waters of evening.  We cast what we must change about ourselves onto the waters flowing to the sea. The sins,  errors, bad habits, whatever you call them, dissolve. When I was little I cried out I! I! I! I want, I want.  Older, I feel less important, a worker bee in the hive of history, miles of hard labor to make my sweetness.  The gates are closing The light is failing  I kneel before what I love imploring that it may live.  So much breaks, wears down, fails in us. We must forgive our broken promises— their sharp shards in our hands.The songs we join in are beeswax candles burning with no smoke a clean fire licking at the evening    our voices small flames quivering. The songs string us like beads on the hour. The ritual is its own melody that leads us  where we have gone before and hope to go again, the comfort of year after year. Order: we must touch each base  of the haggadah as we pass, blessing, handwashing, dipping this and that. Voices half harmonize on the brukhahs.  Dear faces like a multitude of moons hang over the table and the truest brief blessing: affection and peace that we make.It's snowing this afternoon and there are no flowers. There is only this sound of falling, quiet and remote, Like the memory of scales descending the white keys Of a childhood piano—outside the window, palms! And the heavy head of the cereus, inclining, Soon to let down its white or yellow-white. Now, only these poor snow-flowers in a heap, Like the memory of a white dress cast down . . . So much has fallen. ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  And I, who have listened for a step All afternoon, hear it now, but already falling away, Already in memory. And the terrible scales descending On the silent piano; the snow; and the absent flowers ;  abounding.Live jazz at El Fresco is one guy, electric plinks, until he turns off the switch, closes his eyes,and warbles a boy’s tenor, wood-flute tones, pure séance hymns from before Christians.Rowdies at the bar stop fighting and stare as seawater washes through the room,seeping through floorboards to serpent dens. The chorus stirs spirits from family lore.Desmond, Big Miller, James MackGehee— all rise from steerage and sing with the lords.Next performance is a poet reciting,“The Luck of the Irish,” blue eyes snapping:“Once I journeyed to the Cliffs of Moher.” I follow him to a rocky precipice, pause,then jump to dizzy foam tides below, fall, keep falling into this slow, heartbreaking solo.The house was quiet and the world was calm.The reader became the book; and summer nightWas like the conscious being of the book.The house was quiet and the world was calm.The words were spoken as if there was no book,Except that the reader leaned above the page,Wanted to lean, wanted much most to beThe scholar to whom his book is true, to whomThe summer night is like a perfection of thought.The house was quiet because it had to be.The quiet was part of the meaning, part of the mind:The access of perfection to the page.And the world was calm. The truth in a calm world,Even two years later, she still gets correspondence addressed to him. Correspondence. This like that. Mostly about his hobby. Coin collector brochures. Announcements of collector swap meets. His pastime. A way to spend an afternoon back when an afternoon needed spending. Before all the silence flooded the house. He had old currency. Nickels worth ten dollars. And heavy, the bags. Musical, too. She needs to sort through them all. That's what she should do, realize its value. But what she is thinking of is spending it, buying gum and soft drinks, maybe a chocolate bar. Just get face value for mint-condition rarities. Get them back into circulation. Circulation. The afterlife where someone else could get them as change and be joyful at the luck of finding his life's pleasure.He worked years on the tablet, deciphering the pictographs. He knew it was a kind of language, those images. An eye. A bird, maybe a crow. A basket of wheat. A ladder. Did the order of the images matter? He cross-referenced similar texts. He studied the history of the region and satisfied many hours in the tablet's service. In a cousin language, a ladder was the word for happiness, to rise up, to be lifted above the ordinary. After years of work, he sorted it out. It was poetry, bad poetry, adolescent: "Today, I am happy, happy all this day, today."I hardly know where to look anymore. Places have a putrid familiarity like the smell of my own sheets or the close air of the kitchen — fishbones on the drain left in the ghastly order of temporal things.I have been sitting in this barfor years nowthe beer is stale, the wine off-colorthe music is always the same,old, sad songs that get olderno better than endless conversationnight after forgotten nightwhen all I or you can recallis the dark, the traffic lights,the bartender's commentsabout drunk womenin public places.I would like to go homefinally, down the long streetsnorth and south crossed with small gold leaves;I forget just where the hellanything is. Locked out.From this heightthe sunset spans the whole worldbefore me: houses and trees are shadowsneon flares between them like sudden firethe freeways run, alwaysstrangely vacant with riderless carsempty airthe windows up hererefract the blue slate and rose lightmaking the hills on the horizon collidewith ideas of Sussex, piedmontor the cold clear wind of the Abruzzibut that is never what is out there.At home, the lamp curls its aurorainto the corners of the roomand out the windowssquares, rectangles of lightstake out a territory on the ragged lawn.In the center of thingsbetween the pressing of the window and air— a small space —there is a meeting that definesnothing, everything.I wondered how long I could go on once the rain had stopped. My nerves were wedged like wings under a hat. Corncobs bobbed in boiling water. I kept a fist in my mouth. I was strident. The neat house curved like a draining sink. Hot cars shined outside. Their engines snapped like a chamois. I never wanted to leave. The streets were suet-thick. The hucksters had tinny voices. They had swollen drums. They had gravel underfoot and tongues that could peel citrus. Radios throbbed. The wet hush of my breath flung itself to mother. The soft dark skin. The sweet curl of the arm. The hum.After Francesco Clemente’s Indian Miniature #16    The sun-face looms over me, gigantic-hot, smelling of iron. Its rays striated, rasp-red and muscled as the tongues of iguanas. They are trying to lick away my name. But I am not afraid. I hold in my hands (where did I get them) enormous blue scissors that are just the color of sky. I bring the blades together, like a song. The rays fall around me curling a bit, like dried carrot peel. A far sound in the air—fire or rain? And when I’ve cut all the way to the center of the sun I see flowers, flowers, flowers.They never learned to tell one bird from another, a shrubfrom a weedy sapling,  or when the season hadforced a flower’s bloom, not  even if a berry had ripened into poison. And yet they drew endless distinctions between colors and polish andcoarseness of weave,  and would not lettheir daughters marry out.They didn’t keeptheir children, though theygave them tests and fed them. They were knownfor meticulous records, for trophies and peeling stars.They burned things upor wore them down, had ranksand staff and lecterns, machines that moved themfrom place to place, bright jewels and playing cards.They were old when they could have been young, and youngwhen they could have been old. They left a strange wordin a tree: croatoan,and a track in the dust of Mars.Do not look for illumination. Mostly there is the twitch that precedes gesture, the button’s resistance as you try to slide it into the too-small aperture slashed in a finger-width of cloth. And yes, I know it is hard to disregard how tiny and even the stitches are, how they ring the space that had to be opened first to make way for the fastening. Don’t feel betrayed if there is only silence in the trees, months of near continuous rain. Thoughts sometimes rush to collect at the bottom of the drain pipe. Other times they vaporize in the heat, fall for the voices warbling discontent. When it rains, I am oddly comforted. The rain soaks through, asks me to give up a little of myself. Asks me not to be so hard.Never let my hands be to any one an occasion to temptation. — ISABEL DE FLORES    She was the joke of the angels—a girl crazy enough for Godthat she despised her own beauty; who grew bitter herbs to mix with her food,who pinned a garland of roses to her forehead; and who, in a fury of desireconcocted a potion of Indian pepper and bark and rubbed it on her face, neck, and breasts,disfiguring herself.Then, locked away in a dark cell,where no reflection was possible,she begged for death to join her with her Masterwhom she called Divine Bridegroom, Thorn in My Heart, Eternal Spouse.; ; ; ; ; ;   Angiolieri's "S'i' fosse foco"If I were fire, I'd burn the world away; If I were wind, I'd blow it down; If I were water, I'd let it drown; If I were God, I'd deep-six it today.If I were Pope, what would make me gay? To ransack every Christian town. If I were emperor, what would make my day? To see heads roll on the ground!If I were death, I'd run down my father; If I were life, I'd flee from him. As for dear mama, she gets the same. If I were Cecco, and that is my name, I'd take the pretty young girls to screw and leave the ugly old hags to you.If it had become a competition in which we, Like children desperate for the blue ribbon, Pulled knotted hemp, gripping until certain Of calluses, if our contest awarded the strongest,The boy who could best inflict pain yet not Flinch when injured, then you won, for I must Imagine the brown of your back to reach my Peak, a short thread of breaths, a tug of warWith the heaviest child grunting at the end Of the rope until jerked and dragged over The line. That fat kid flounders through muckThe way I splash your relentless name In shivers about me. Watch him wallow. If he tastes mud as bitter as this poemOf mine, then I win – and you love me.I, too, know the science of building men Out of fragments in little light Where I'll be damned if lightning don'tStrike as I forget one May have a thief's thumb,Another, a murderer's arm,And watch the men I've made leaveLike an idea I meant to write down, Like a vehicle stuckIn reverse, like the monsterGod came to know the moment Adam named animals and claimed Eve, turning from heaven to herAs if she was hisTo run. No word he said could be tamed.No science. No design. Nothing taken Gently into his hand or your hand or mine, Nothing we erect is our own.Some folks fool themselves into believing, But I know what I know once, at the height Of hopeless touching, my man and I holdOur breaths, certain we can stop time or maybeEliminate it from our lives, which are shorter Since we learned to make love for each other Rather than doing it to each other. As for praise And worship, I prefer the latter. Only memoryMakes us kneel, silent and still. Hear me? Thunder scares. Lightning lets us see. Then, Heads covered, we wait for rain. Dear Lord, Let me watch for his arrival and hang my headAnd shake it like a man who's lost and lived. Something keeps trying, but I'm not killed yet.Getting the child to bed is awful work, Committing that rage to sleep that will not sleep. The lie rots in my throat saying, “O.K. There is balm in Gilead. Go to bed. Honey of generation has betrayed us both.” And truly it is no wild surmise of darkness Nor Pisgah purview of Canaan drowned in blood But only my child saying its say in bed. If madness ever covers me, the caul contract That now but loosely insinuates a shroud I shall go howling into the conscious grave (God keep children from the power of the dog) Follow that note into the uttering horn Awake in the womb from which I was born.Some dreams are like glass or a light beneath the surface of the water. A girl weeps in a garden. A woman turns her head and that is all. We wake up a hundred times and don't know where we are. Asleep at the wheel. Saved by the luck of angels. Everyone touching his lips to something larger, the watermark of some great sorrow. Everyone giving himself away. The way the rose gives up the stem and floats completely, without history. In the end every road leads to water. What is left of a garden is the dream, an alphabet of longing. The shadow of the girl. Perfume.It was Christmastime, the balloons needed blowing, and so in the evening we sat together to blow balloons and tell jokes, and the cool air off the hills made me think of coffee, so I said, “Coffee would be nice,” and he said, “Yes, coffee would be nice,” and smiled as his thin fingers pulled the balloons from the plastic bags; so I went for coffee, and it takes a few minutes to make the coffee and I did not know if he wanted cow’s milk or condensed milk, and when I came out to ask him, he was gone, just like that, in the time it took me to think, cow’s milk or condensed; the balloons sat lightly on his still lap.My mother likes a man who works. She likes my husband’s muddy knees, grass stains on the cuffs. She loved my father, though when weekends came he’d sleep till nine and would not lift his eyes up from the page to move the feet she’d vacuum under. On Saturdays my husband digs the holes for her new roses, softening the clay with peat and compost. He changes bulbs she can no longer reach and understands the inside of her toaster. My father’s feet would carry him from chair to bookshelf, back again till Monday came. My mother likes to tell my husband sit down in this chair and put your feet up.You’d been gone four months by then, but we brought you along anyway. On my back, you rested riding inside a wooden box. The idea was to lay you gently at the water’s surface,but our clumsy hands spilled you, and it was hard to tell whether you went head or feet first, but it didn’t much matter anyway, I suppose. You would float on down the creek until you had reached the next and so on. My father gave a little wave and joked, “We’ll see you back on down in Denver, Dad.” We stood there in silence listening to you chuckle under the bridge and over the first set of riffles downstream.After we picked you up at the Omaha airport, we clamped you into a new car seat and listened to you yowl beneath the streetlights of Nebraska. Our hotel suite was plump with toys, ready, we hoped, to soothe you into America. But for a solid hour you watched the door, shrieking, Umma, the Korean word for mother. Once or twice you glanced back at us and, in this netherworld where a door home had slammed shut forever, your terrified eyes paced between the past and the future. Umma, you screamed, Umma! But your foster mother back in Seoul never appeared. Your new mother and I lay on the bed, cooing your birth name, until, at last, you collapsed into our arms. In time, even terror must yield to sleep.A basket of apples brown in our kitchen, their warm scent is the scent of ripening, and my sister, entering the room quietly, takes a seat at the table, takes up the task of peeling slowly away the blemished skins, even half-rotten ones are salvaged carefully. She makes sure to carve out the mealy flesh. For this, I am grateful. I explain, this elegywould love to save everything. She smiles at me, and before long, the empty bowl she uses fills, domed with thin slices she brushes into the mouth of a steaming pot on the stove.What can I do? I ask finally. Nothing,  she says, let me finish this one thing alone.Between the train's long slide and the sunricocheting off the sea, anyonewould have fallen silent in those words,the language of age in her face, the birdscawing over the broken earth, gathering near its stones and chapel doors. In the marina, the sea and its bones have grown smaller. Though the tide is out, it is not the tide nor the feathers nor the cat that jumps into the street, the dust lifting with each wing and disappearing. The rust-colored sheets that wrap the sails of ships, I don't know their name nor the way to say lips of water in Italian and mean this:  an old woman stood by the tracks until his hand stopped waving.The toddlers in their tadpole bodies, with their squirt guns and snorkels, their beautiful mommies and inflatable whales, are still too young to understand that this is as good as it gets. Soon they must leave the wading pool and stand all day at the concession stand with their hormones and snow cones, their soul patches and tribal tattoos, pretending not to notice how beautiful they are, until they simply can’t stand it and before you know it they’re lined up on lawn chairs, dozing in the noonday sunwith their stretch marks and beer bellies, their Wall Street Journals and SPF 50.If it was free, you taught, I ought to grab it as you did: McDonald’s napkins, pens, and from the school where you were once employed as one of two night shift custodians, the metal imitation wood wastebasket still under my desk. But it was sugar that you took most often as, annoyed on leaving Dunkin’ Donuts, pancake house, and countless diners, I felt implicated in your pleasure, crime, and poverty. I have them still, your Ziploc bags of plunder, yet I find today, among the loose change in my pockets, packets crushed or faded— more proof of your lasting legacy.The dryer, uniform and squat as a biscuit tin, came to life and turned on me its insect eye. My t-shirts and underwear crackled and leapt. I was a tourist there; I didn’t speak the language. My shoulders covered themselves up in churches, my tongue soothed its burn with slices of pickle. More I don’t remember: only, weekends now when I stand in the kitchen, sorting sweat pants and pairing socks, I remember the afternoon I did my laundry in Budapest, where the sidewalks bloomed with embroidered linen, where money wasn’t permitted to leave the country. When I close my eyes, I recall that spinning, then a woman, with nothing else to sell, pressing wilted flowers in my hands.I In September beyond the breezes and the smoke when autumn unveils its fiery shell, I think of you fragile and severe, small and immense II You were a traveler through demented and subtle geographies with your magic wand singing about Yugoslavia and Lebanon Chile and Peru —Those details on imaginary sheets, doubtful you would get lost because true history was made by women the girl-women and the old women. III When the children of war become a nebulous flame when the earth's shell is a shawl afire with gold, I name you, Marta Alvarado, arriving almost at dawn with your bony woolen gloves to open the school's doors and the defiance of your notebook.; ; ; ; ; ;   I do better in animal time, a creeping dawn, slow ticking toward dusk. In the middle of the day on the Nebraska prairie, I’m unnerved by subdued sounds, as if listening through water, even the high-pitched drone of the cicadas faint; the blackbirds half-heartedly singing. As newlyweds, my parents drove cross country to Death Valley, last leg of their escape from New York, the thick soups of their immigrant mothers, generations of superstitions that squeezed them from all sides. They camped under stars that meant no harm. It was the silence that alerted them to danger. They climbed back into their tiny new car, locked its doors and blinked their eyes until daylight. ; ; ;In kindergarten during the Cold War, mid-day late bells jolted us, sending us single file into the hallway, where we sat, pressing our heads between our knees, waiting. During one of the bomb drills, Annette was standing. My mother said I would talk on and on about her, about how pretty she was. I still remember her that day, curly hair and pretty dress, looking perturbed the way little children do. Why Annette? There’s nothing to be upset about— The bombs won’t get us, I’ve seen what’s to come— it is the days, the steady pounding of days, like gentle rain, that will be our undoing.(Nous n'irons plus au bois)    No more walks in the wood: The trees have all been cut Down, and where once they stood Not even a wagon rut Appears along the path Low brush is taking over. No more walks in the wood; This is the aftermath Of afternoons in the clover Fields where we once made love Then wandered home together Where the trees arched above, Where we made our own weather When branches were the sky. Now they are gone for good, And you, for ill, and I Am only a passer-by. We and the trees and the way Back from the fields of play Lasted as long as we could. No more walks in the wood.; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;~ [our] nightmare : no birdsong— the jungle was riven emptied of [i sihek] bright blue green turquoise red gold feathers—everywhere : brown tree snakes avian silence— the snakes entered without words when [we] saw them it was too late— they were at [our] doors sliding along the passages of [i sihek] empire—then the zookeepers came— called it species survival plan—captured [i sihek] and transferred the last twenty-nine micronesian kingfishers to zoos for captive breeding [1988]—they repeated [i sihek] and repeated : "if it weren't for usyour birds ; ; ; ;[i sihek]would be goneforever" what does not change / last wild seen—Then, take this tambourine inside the sheep barn, listen to the anaconda's intestines, the shark's walking stick, learn the river insect's secret neon calligraphy, swim through Frida Khalo's hair and come out smelling like orchids, lift your appetite towards the certified blue turtle, feast on Garcia Lorca's leather shoes and taste the sun, the worms of Andalusia, don't hesitate in front of a donut, a ferris wheel, the crab nebula, excavate diamond-eyed demons, Chaucer's liver, Minoan helmets, paste Anne Sexton's face on a $1,000 bill and purchase a dozen metaphors, beware of the absolute scorpion, the iguana with the limping leg, permit indwelling, white words around the eyes, the confrontation of windows, never feed your towel to the alligator, he will eat you and eat you and eat you.what thoughts I have of you tonight, Du Bois of bodies rocked and minds embalmed in bark our blanched arrival—seethin with scandal's mark nowadays I peep you in the bean-pie seller's poise with that silhouette fit for bust or cameo I can't always divine your debonair birth or your boocoo brain laborin like an earth in hallelujah's ether, somehow duckin death's blow sure sprung from Imhotep's kundalini stitchin white reconstruction's funeral shroud scriptin Philly dirges for the cryin out loud cussin Garvey's name over martinis sometimes I wonder if you double agent on the page or mastermind of our ordered rageafter Billie    these vitamin double ds gonna put cows outta business. these Sunday bests if frozen would delight. unpasteurized & untamed they swing in the hammock of my torso. they magnetize my man's hands. like a Wonder Woman blast or a web of thunder from Storm's wrist, this cocktail is nurturing napalm manna dew, Pepto Bismol for civilization. you can't outwit these aureolas. these nipples are necrophilia's enemy. Coltrane couldn't blow these tumescent tubas. these are gourds that'll make a shekere obsolete, make an eggplant go pale. these breasts gonna put old Betsy outta business & send the men with goats a-packin. this love is like a faucet, it turns on & on.When I take my scissors to your shirts, I am frightened: not that they will whimper But that they won’t understand the violence I mean. That kind of violence is the other side of love, Bright as a light-saber and permanent As the angel’s swords above Eden Barring that couple with a final X, That violence means a love strong as death. Once Sie ist mein leben, you said, meaning me And I took those words personally And knocked upon the door of my heart Until all its birds flooded to you, in a rush— Like the Iroquois, I tugged on our peace-pipe, I wrote your name in smoke. Then went home With my pockets rolling in shining glass beads, My pockets so rich with the coin of your country.On the eighth day he coined the word “alone” and saw that it was as good as everything else. A yellow school bus rattled down the lane, a wind blew in a drainpipe, strong, mellifluous. I brought two empty crates to the parking lot, watched neighbors with briefcases and car keys. At noon a mailman passed by where I sat invisible, like a tree among trees. Why, why, I asked. I wanted to know why, but only scared a squirrel that dropped his acorn when my voice broke silence unexpectedly— a white noise in a wireless telephone. My club soda went flat in the bottle. With a spit of rain, a wind blew again from the lake. I raised my index finger and touched it, pleading, give me a break, give me a break.I grew up in a village built on coal and labor. An outhouse on a dirt road by a water pump glared at the whitewashed fences of uniformed yards that gaped like broken teeth in the mouths of miners. All summer we played Cossacks and Bandits, shot our symbolic rifles and revolvers and when killed would crush a wild cherry in the breast pocket, the spot where the heart stopped. Who started it? The red spreading over white satin never to be washed away completely, “I killed you! I killed you!” I screamed as he fell down. Men found him three years later in the abandoned mine after an explosion, his clothes covered with coal dust and blood. Women howled like wolves. “It’s nothing, he’ll get up,” I thought, “it’s just that stupid wild cherry on his shirt.”What is the sound of sounds sounding indefinite fist in face again and sound of the surprise of it coming from nowhere, of breaking the arm on a small fall in your own house, a respiratory failure, wound opening like a little mouth. We inhabit the brutal. We are shattered everyday. We look askew. Head broken floor array, light array, great distances, life goals. Staked upon every border, guardians. Protections have many faces. Misuse of the face as a streaming desire. Solution posted: “Get rid of all the niggers.” The state exacts its controls. That the pepper spray happens against kneeling children— That the search for the secret leaker is unyielding— If you want, you can make a myopic focus, concentrate on a shone shadow or drift off into space.Gray whaleNow that we are sending you to The EndThat great godTell him That we who follow you invented forgivenessAnd forgive nothingI write as though you could understandAnd I could say itOne must always pretend somethingAmong the dyingWhen you have left the seas nodding on their stalksEmpty of youTell him that we were madeOn another dayThe bewilderment will diminish like an echoWinding along your inner mountainsUnheard by usAnd find its way outLeaving behind it the futureDeadAnd oursWhen you will not see againThe whale calves trying the lightConsider what you will find in the black gardenAnd its courtThe sea cows the Great Auks the gorillasThe irreplaceable hosts ranged countlessAnd fore-ordaining as starsOur sacrificesJoin your word to theirsTell himThat it is we who are importantNo, worry about nothing but the chiseling of hills into distance in the slight haze and sleep lost over color no two ever the same the wringing hands float ashore amazed. Worry about beauty. It can sell you anything. Lakes collect in the chambers of the heart where the sailboats are made of flying fish about the size of match heads. Sleep can be lost as easily as a house key, the shock can consume at any moment if the hills are not rising  weather is wearing them down and you are driving north in the late afternoon or holding your eyes in your hands like addresses.It seems a certain fear underlies everything. If I were to tell you something profound it would be useless, as every single thing I know is not timeless. I am particularly risk-averse. I choose someone else over me every time, as I'm sure they'll finish the task at hand, which is to say that whatever is in front of us will get done if I'm not in charge of it. There is a limit to the number of times I can practice every single kind of mortification (of the flesh?). I can turn toward you and say yes, it was you in the poemThanks, no thanks, to eternal life. What pleasure watching my old house broken-beamed, grey elephant brought to its knees? White ash—gone the way of trilobites and horsehair fern, even the nuclear-proof cockroach in deep-freeze. Cueballs knock each other randomly; reverse.  the tape and movement looks the same, illustrating the end of time: things happen, but don't matter. And if Lethe strips you like a swimmer from his trunks, where will "I" be? If Heaven without you is Hell, how will I know? A forever of no-never-mind does not appeal, God's heart a cold, contracting cinder. Give me the white light, the slit of split-second calm, and knowing over is over.I'm selling my old rock records, the reggae and the Dead, the Beatles and bands no one heard after the Amazing Kathy Dalton became less so and Airto—busted for possession, his album's face behind ten fingers blacked with stationhouse ink— deported. A Stone retired, Mick past fifty, Van Morrison— composer of the world's best Celtic fuck music—gone spiritual, while "Peaceful Easy Feeling" sells Prozac, and the trippy paisley vinyl of Dave Mason's "Alone Together," Big Brother's funky R. Crumb cover (fat nipply Janis dragging that ball and chain) are quaint collectibles, like Fiestaware or bottles from defunct breweries; useful things no one uses anymore, worth money.at Las Villas, a small Carol City bar with a makeshift stage, where he spends too much time drinking, pretending he can learn to play the guitar at forty-five, become a singer, a musician, who writes about "Que Difícil Es...." to live in Spanish in Miami, a city yet to be translated, in a restaurant where he has taken us for Cuban food, where I sit, frozen, unable to make a sound, where Mother smiles, all her teeth exposed, squeezes my hand, where Mae and Mitzy hide under the table shielding them from shame with a blood-red tablecloth, leaving my mother and me, pale-faced, trapped by the spotlight shining in our eyes, making it difficult for us to pretend we do not know the man in the white suit pointing to us.for Kellie Jones, born 16 May 1959    Lately, I've become accustomed to the wayThe ground opens up and envelopes meEach time I go out to walk the dog.Or the broad edged silly music the windMakes when I run for a bus...Things have come to that.And now, each night I count the stars,And each night I get the same number.And when they will not come to be counted,I count the holes they leave.Nobody sings anymore.And then last night, I tiptoed upTo my daughter's room and heard herTalking to someone, and when I openedThe door, there was no one there...Only she on her knees, peeking intoHer own clasped hands.1   Did I say I was a creature of habit?   I meant the opposite.   I meant behavior is a pile of clothes   I might or might not wear.   Before all the sowing and reaping could go on for centuries,   before the calendar, I must have been convinced   that my movements were both mandated   and blessed. ; ;2   I've never been an old woman knitting by a fire   but I've played one in images   where it meant being foolish or wise, a mistress   of distraction's indirection.   To rock while entwining is life's work,   but I am reckless, restlessBy living late, and sleeping late, we miss the moment when the bats come home to roost— when crooked shadows flit in jagged loops that seem to seek the chimney, seem to miss, then somehow disappear into the eaves; and they (the bats) tuck wing to fur to wing in crevices and roof-beam beveling, doze through our nearly diametric lives, invisible as brown on brown—until today, wakened by dreams, I caught a slight, compelling corner-glimpse in gray first light, of sudden motion in the mostly still new dawn; and drawn, I rose to see the flight: our dark companions exiting the night.From down the road, starting up and stopping once more, the sound of a puppy on a chain who has not yet discovered he will spend his life there. Foolish dog, to forget where he is and wander until he feels the collar close fast around his throat, then cry all over again about the little space in which he finds himself. Soon, when there is no grass left in it and he understands it is all he has, he will snarl and bark whenever he senses a threat to it. Who would believe this small sorrow could lead to such fury no one would ever come near him?The planet turns there without you, beautiful.Exiled by death you cannottouch it. Weird joy to watch postulateslived out and discarded, something crowded inside us always craving to become somethingglistening outside us, the relentless planetshowing itself the logic of what is buried inside it. To love existenceis to love what is indifferent to youyou think, as you watch it turn there, beautiful. World that can know itself only by world, soon it must colonize and infect the stars.You are an hypothesis made of flesh. What you will teach the stars is constant rage at the constant prospect of not-being. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  •  Sometimes when I wake it's because I hear a knock. Knock,Knock. Two knocks, quite clear. I wake and listen. It's nothing.In the rearview, fog extinguishes the hills of new money—mansions on acres away from road or sight. Their architected privacy, windows to look out at a land that won't look back. The fog's secure drapery. It's space to dance through they buy and what one might call "dappled light" moving across their acres, light through their oaks moving over their mares, brushed to a sheen.• Palms of sugar cubes. Soft snorting, I bet. Here, Muybridge proved their horses fly a moment. In their homes, they can't hear each other call from foyer to pool house. I am jealous of this loneliness most of all—loneliness delimited by colonnade and cold pressed juices.They make excellent corpses, among the expensive flowers.... I imagine hills and hills dappled like this.I had the idea of sitting still while others rushed by. I had the thought of a shop that still sells records. A letter in the mailbox. The way that book felt in my hands. I was always elsewhere. How is it to have a body today, to walk in this city, to run? I wanted to eat an apple so precisely the tree would make another exactly like it, then lie down uninterrupted in the gadgetless grass. I kept texting the precipice, which kept not answering, my phone auto-making everything incorrect. I had the idea. Put down the phone. Earth, leaves, storm, water, vine. The gorgeous art of breathing. I had the idea — the hope of friending you without electricity. Of what could be made among the lampposts with only our voices and hands.One rainy night we sat in trafficand, overtired in back, you sawa wind-whipped grocery bag afloatbeyond the clutch of jagged branches, swept by gusts and whirled in eddies.A sudden downdraft swooped it earthward, where it danced till with a whoosha current luffed it past the power lines. Disowned by gravity, small ghostnot yet snagged by twiggy fingers,it couldn’t reach the earth. Thin-skinned,it pulsed, translucent jellyfish.You wept and pled to be let outinto the dark and slanted rain,somehow to save that desolate thing.The light turned green and still you begged, Go back, go back, on its behalf,caught and held, bossed and tossedby a will much greater than its own.In her nineties and afraidof weather and of falling ifshe wandered far outside her door,my mother took to strolling inthe house. Around and round she’d go, stalking into corners, backtrack,then turn and speed down hallway, stop almost at doorways, skirt a table, march up to the kitchen sink andwheel to left, then swing intothe bathroom, almost stumble ona carpet there. She must have walkeda hundred miles or more amongher furniture and family pics, mementos of her late husband. Exercising heart and limb,outwalking stroke, attack, she strode, not restless like a lion in zoo,but with a purpose and a gait,and kept her eyes on heaven’s gate.The sky hangs up its starry pictures: a swan, a crab, a horse. And even though you’re three hundred miles away, I know you see them, too. Right now, my side of the bed is empty, a clear blue lake of flannel. The distance yawns and stretches. It’s hard to remember we swim in an ocean of great love, so easy to fall into bickering like little birds at the feeder fighting over proso and millet, unaware of how large the bag of grain is, a river of golden seeds, that the harvest was plentiful, the corn is in the barn, and whenever we’re hungry, a dipperful of just what we need will be spilled . . .I leaned against the mantel, sick, sick, Thinking of my failure, looking into the abysm, Weak from the noon-day heat. A church bell sounded mournfully far away, I heard the cry of a baby, And the coughing of John Yarnell, Bed-ridden, feverish, feverish, dying, Then the violent voice of my wife: "Watch out, the potatoes are burning!" I smelled them ... then there was irresistible disgust. I pulled the trigger ... blackness ... light ... Unspeakable regret ... fumbling for the world again. Too late! Thus I came here, With lungs for breathing ... one cannot breathe here with lungs, Though one must breathe Of what use is it To rid one's self of the world, When no soul may ever escape the eternal destiny of life?I was only eight years old; And before I grew up and knew what it meant I had no words for it, except That I was frightened and told my Mother; And that my Father got a pistol And would have killed Charlie, who was a big boy, Fifteen years old, except for his Mother. Nevertheless the story clung to me. But the man who married me, a widower of thirty-five, Was a newcomer and never heard it Till two years after we were married. Then he considered himself cheated, And the village agreed that I was not really a virgin. Well, he deserted me, and I died The following winter.No other man, unless it was Doc Hill, Did more for people in this town than l. And all the weak, the halt, the improvident And those who could not pay flocked to me. I was good-hearted, easy Doctor Meyers. I was healthy, happy, in comfortable fortune, Blest with a congenial mate, my children raised, All wedded, doing well in the world. And then one night, Minerva, the poetess, Came to me in her trouble, crying. I tried to help her out—she died— They indicted me, the newspapers disgraced me, My wife perished of a broken heart. And pneumonia finished me.I place a black cloth the size of a dot over his head. Wrap his entire miniscule body 
with a thread of my black hair. He lies there on a white sheet of paper and squirms like 
a dark cocoon, thinks he is going to transform. The letter, when it begins to lose color 
in a book never opened, becomes a macula in thought. And when read through the lens 
of a decimal point: see its dark fleck of a cranium, see expendable language—grab the 
letter j next to him, hold it like a tiny black scythe, behead the i and watch its dot head 
roll to the back of a sentence.God is not light upon light, no more than goat is need upon need although there, where it grazes, it is sun upon coat within which ticks and stray-blown feed burrow into the pocked skin of such foul scent covering the underflesh heart that could eat this farmer's grain or the barren mountain's bark high in the solitude of sheer animal peace laid over sheer animal terror. We ask the animal afflicted by its time, its impoverished American meadow that drove it to find birch from which to strip its easy feed to abide with us. It does not need us. We think it needs us. We must forgive God God's story.Like the horn you played in Catholic school the city will open its mouth and cry out. Don't worry 'bout nothing. Don't meanno thing. It will leave you stunned as a fighter with his eyes swelled shut who's told he won the whole damn purse. It will feel better than any floor that's risen up to meet you. It will rise like Easter bread, golden and familiar in your grandmother's hands. She'll come back, heaven having been too far from home to hold her. O it will be beautiful. Every girl will ask you to dance and the boys won't kill you for it. Shake your head. Dance until your bones clatter. What a prize you are. What a lucky sack of stars.All summer connotations fill this light, a symmetry of different scales—the site of fibrous silence, the velvet lace of iris, alders the moon can ignite. One feels the amplitude of grief, the pace of oscillating stars, power in place where time has crossed and left a breathy stain. A body needs the weight and thrust of grace. I want to parse the logic, spin and domain, the structure mourning will allow, the grain of certainty in two estates, the dance of perfect order, flowing toward its plane. That bird you see has caught a proper stance,  unfaithful to its measure, a pert mischance of divination on the move, the trace of sacred darkness true to light's advance.Rotten, he says, motherly how could you miss that Like a ragamuffin with no eyes his body has a dark spot Like doing laundry all day long he is being nowhere Cottage cheese runs out his mouth Another one and another one that doll can crawl his insides like an awning Motherly if mother mother as if spread If I could break the hymen of his ear with  I can't stand you I won't say a thing and I won't notice god you are the softest kind of jerk and yesterday is gone and I had nothing to do with itColeman Hawkins doing that thing with his sax: high and lonely as a kestrel twirls on thermals, sorting files of sound with a singular finger, now alighting  in pools of light, hovering then fixed like whirring wings of the insect glazed in serous amber but dreaming of oxygen: Sound leading a mindinto that sobrietyof thought which poisesthe heart. Sound like that, holding and giving out never. Sound quickenedwith desire. Soundthe benefit of nature in taut bolts of time, rich polychrome threads, count: Two-sixty. Sound blots outthe violence of affliction bringing it home lonely but good, letting it bend: Wehad much more reason being winged ones to recollect than forget.The older we get the stranger my husband becomes, and the less certain I am that I know him. We used to lie eye to eye, breathing together in the immensity of each moment. Lithe and starry-eyed, we could leap fences even with babies on our backs. His eyes still dream off toward something in the distance I can't see; but now he gazes more zealously, and leaps into battle with a more certain voice over politics, religion, or art, and some old friends won't come to dinner. The molecules of our bodies spiral off into the stars on winds of change and chance, as we welcome the unknown, the incalculable, the spirit and heart of everything we named and knew so well— and never truly named, or knew, but only loved, at last.I stand there under the high limbs of locust watching my father point a black gun into the air his arms steepled for the stillness required to split the proverbial hair with a BB. I would like to throw a red hat  to catch what will smack from the barrel but instead the songbird drops fast—a warm stone through liquid swimming between us. The stink of yellow sulfur thick. And the twist of his mouth, like tangled purple boughs or crossed legs of what he never dreamed he'd hit. Years after, I will admit only to so much. Blue moon tomorrow. Do we ever get a second chance? It's what I don't say that speaks loudest.At one friend's home whole arsenals of guns litter the lawn—bright plastic shapes my sons pick their ways between to take proffered popsicles. Later, on evening news, words like "ambush,"  "strike," and "friendly fire" punctuate glowing clips of wreckage in far fields where other mother's children kneel to aim and pray. And though it's clichéd, truth be told, I wish one could keep her boys from growing old and going off to die. Toys need not rush us there. Instinct? No harm? An urge to hoist whatever's there, hard- wired within? Perhaps ignoble, I'm still glad when one spits on his own: They're bad.On Sundays, the preacher gives everyone a chance to repent their sins. Miss Edna makes me go to church. She wears a bright hat I wear my suit. Babies dress in lace. Girls my age, some pretty, some not so pretty. Old ladies and men nodding. Miss Edna every now and then throwing her hand in the air. Saying Yes, Lord and Preach! I sneak a pen from my back pocket, bend down low like I dropped something. The chorus marches up behind the preacher clapping and humming and getting ready to sing. I write the word HOPE on my hand.; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; Petals on a river, a tree in blossom, one pink bud—unopened—falls & is carried downstream & out to sea. From above the other petals seem to  carry it. Closer— this is our map, these our footprints, we grew up drinking this water. At the start there was doubt, we lit a torch, no one believed we would make it. Closer—the legs, the heart, the lungs. It's too soon to say we were lucky, it's too soon to say anything until the cloud is pulled back from the sky, until the ringing is pulled back from the bells. Look— everyone we've ever known runs without thinking not away but into the cloud, where we are waitingMy copy of The Fireside Book of Verseis as the seller promised—the stapled spine,the paper aged to Army tan—no worsefor wear, given the cost of its design,six cents to make and printed on a pressonce used for magazines and pulp. This bookwas never meant to last a war much lessthree quarters of a century. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;I lookfor evidence of all the men who scannedthese lines, crouched down in holes or lying intheir racks. I read the poems secondhand.Someone has creased the page. Did he beginthen stop to sleep? to clean his gun perhaps?to listen to the bugler playing taps?It was as hot as what stars must feel like so far away, certainly  there, inside me. I took it in my hands, put it where it should be in the wet softness where my heart sits. Ugly things came to threaten me, to say I had lost the last lock holding me to truth. That was not true, because old truths were now lies, I saw families as human. I found the goodness in what is not perfect, and a new perfection in what is not good. This happened in a new home twelve time zones away, as the world collapsed. in a clitter clatter like a busy kitchen, the universe forming now inside all of me.for St. Mark's Episcopal, Good Friday 1999    In his careful welter of dried leaves and seeds, soil samples, quartz pebbles, notes-to-myself, letters, on Dr. Carver's bedside table next to his pocket watch, folded in Aunt Mariah's Bible: the Bill of Sale. Seven hundred dollars for a thirteen-year-old girl named Mary. He moves it from passage to favorite passage. Fifteen cents for every day she had lived. Three hundred fifty dollars for each son. No charge for two stillborn daughters buried out there with the Carvers' child. This new incandescent light makes his evening's reading unwaveringly easy, if he remembers to wipe his spectacles. He turns to the blossoming story of Abraham's dumbstruck luck, of Isaac's pure trust in his father's wisdom. Seven hundred dollars for all of her future. He shakes his head.Tonight's your lucky night, boys. Look what I fixed for you! Stood all day in the burning sun to make this son-of-a-gun stew. Longhorn steaks two inches thick, dig in while they're hot. The coffee'll keep you up all night, belly up to the pot. You know your Cookie loves you, boys, loves to see you fed. Stood all day in the burning sun to bake this sourdough bread. Sop up all the stew, boys, take another steak. Have another hunk of bread. You know I love to bake. You know your Cookie loves you, boys, tell you what I'll do— tomorrow I'll fix steak and bread and a big old pot of stew!For Ethan Canin    I sat on the dock at dusk and spoke to the fish who swam beneath me like ears with fins to hear my secrets. “That words come close?” I whispered. “The sky enters me like a sword with my own hand on the hilt. How to witness what I can't express— the smell of lilacs, the dirge of loons. Make up the rest if you wish. Less is enough. Say I sound like one of the Hosts. That I'm crying also and there's nothing you can do to make me stop. That I'm like the peepers, katydids, and thrush with my own song— all call in the opera of dusk.  Or is it response?”Dazzling emptiness of the black green end of summer no one running in the yard pulse pulse the absence. Leave them not to the empty yards. They resembled a family. Long quiet hours. Sometimes one was angry sometimes someone called her "wife" someone's hair receding. An uptick in the hormone canopy embodied a restlessness and oh what to do with it. (How she arrived in a hush in a looking away and not looking.) It had been some time since richness intangible and then they made a whole coat of it. Meanwhile August moved toward its impervious finale. A mood by the river. Gone. One lucid rush carrying them along. Borderless and open the days go on—I was wondering why that guy wore the blanket coat, bone choker, rock watch, woven buckle, quilled Stetson— I was wondering why he wore that beaded vest, like a ledger drawing or a Winter Count, its skinny figure forever sneaking after two bison around belly to back, around back to belly— I was wondering why, when he said,I wear these getups every day—Every day, because these thingsare sacred, these things are prayer. Then I knew I could live this life If I had blue horses painted around and around me, shells and beads like rain in my ear praying Prairie open in me at stoplight, hard city, last call, bank line, coffee break, shopping cart, keycode,Prarie open in mePrarie open in me every day every day every day.The Good God and the Evil God met on the mountain top.   The Good God said, “Good day to you, brother.”   The Evil God did not answer.   And the Good God said, “You are in a bad humour today.”   “Yes,” said the Evil God, “for of late I have been often mistaken for you, called by your name, and treated as if I were you, and it ill-pleases me.”   And the Good God said, “But I too have been mistaken for you and called by your name.”   The Evil God walked away cursing the stupidity of man.In the shadow of the temple my friend and I saw a blind man sitting alone.  And my friend said, “Behold the wisest man of our land.”   Then I left my friend and approached the blind man and greeted him. And we conversed.   After a while I said, “Forgive my question; but since when has thou been blind?”   “From my birth,” he answered.   Said I, “And what path of wisdom followest thou?”   Said he, “I am an astronomer.”   Then he placed his hand upon his breast saying, “I watch all these suns and moons and stars.”Said the Eye one day, “I see beyond these valleys a mountain veiled with blue mist.  Is it not beautiful?”   The Ear listened, and after listening intently awhile, said, “But where is any mountain?  I do not hear it.”   Then the Hand spoke and said, “I am trying in vain to feel it or touch it, and I can find no mountain.”   And the Nose said, “There is no mountain, I cannot smell it.”   Then the Eye turned the other way, and they all began to talk together about the Eye’s strange delusion.  And they said, “Something must be the matter with the Eye.”I think she wanted to explain ; ; ; ; ; ; ;    the silence ; ;    hidden within her voice— blue egg in the nettles. ; ;   She wrote something on a rock, used the rock ; ; ; ; ;to bash in the skull ; ;    of an injured deer. Bloodied swan-neck arms. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; She slinks into her own viscera, a baby fox ; ;    backing into its trunkhole.The wordbone's connected to the ; ; ; ; ;gutbone. Meanwhile, her desire ; ;  for nobody now bucks like a rabbit ; ; ; ; ;   under her ground.The volcano in my grandmother's Mexican village smothered the town, though the girl escaped because the axis of revolution sent her family into exile, black clouds covering their journey to the north. The axis of the earth is a skeletal bone extending from pole to pole, the arm of someone holding on. The Japanese earthquake shifted the axis of the earth, moving Japan twelve feet closer to North America, each day shortened by one second. When a poet said the past never happens because it is always present, the other one proclaimed the past is in the future, the axis bending to allow these words to skip the water like stones thrown by a boy in search of his father, the axis of yesterday sinking the stones the boy hurled across the pond.They call the mountain Carlos because it is brown, though its purple slopes at dusk suggest other names. Those who name it have to brand the earth with something they know— a name, a face, even the heat that says "I know Carlos and he is the mountain. I am going to cover his eyes in light." They call its peak Carlos because it is the sharpest feature on the face that stares south, watching people cross the border, pausing to catch their breath and meet the cliffs of Carlos because he is there. When they ascend the canyons inside the face, Carlos shifts and the climbers discover what he has done. The moving earth changes everything and they are forced to stop playing the game of naming a mountain that keeps touching the sun.When the trees were guilty, hugged up to history & locked in a cross-brace with Whitman's Louisiana live oak, you went into that mossy weather. Did you witness the shotguns at Angola riding on horseback through the tall sway of sugarcane, the glint of blue steel in the bloodred strawberry fields? Silence was backed up in the cypress, but you could hear the birds of woe singing praise where the almost broken- through sorrow rose from the deep woods & walked out into moonshine as the brave ones. You went among those who had half a voice, whose ancestors mastered quicksand by disappearing. Maybe our paths crossed ghosts hogtied in the wounded night, but it is only now I say this: Galway, thanks for going down into our fierce hush at the crossroads to look fear in the eye.Kin Kletso/Yellow House Chaco Canyon, San Juan County, New Mexico Anasazi Ruins, AD 1125-1130 for Henri, at 2    You step down into the Flat World Then ask me to say it, to explain How our name can mean both ancestor And enemy. Your body begins in four directions. Here, one calendar takes eighteen years. I am three. One day is an eyelash. Your body is a segment of prehistoric road, A buried stairwell with only the top stair obvious. We are alluvial, obsidian. Sometimes the ground swells With disappointment; sometimes we know our mountains Will be renamed after foreign saints. We sing nine-hundred-year-old hymns That instruct us in how to sit still For forty-nine years Through a fifty-year drought. We climb down through the hole anyway, And agree to the arrangement.Last summer, two discrete young snakes left their skin on my small porch, two mornings in a row. Being postmodern now, I pretended as if I did not see them, nor understand what I knew to be circling inside me. Instead, every hour I told my son to stop with his incessant back-chat. I peeled a banana. And cursed God—His arrogance, His gall—to still expect our devotion after creating love. And mosquitoes. I showed my son the papery dead skins so he could know, too, what it feels like when something shows up at your door—twice—telling you what you already know.I would figure out all the right answers first, then gently mark a few of them wrong. If a quiz had ten problems, I'd cancel out one. When it had twenty, I'd bite my tongue then leave at least two questions blank: _____ _____. A B was good, but an A was too good. They'd kick your ass, call your big sisterslow, then stare over your desk, as if you'd  snaked out of a different hole. Knowing taught me—quickly—to spell community more honestly: l-o-n-e-l-y. During Arts and Crafts, when Miss Larson allowed the scissors out, I'd sneak a pair, then cut my hair to stop me from growing too long.from my mother's sadness, which was, to me, unbearable, until, it felt to me  not like what I thought it felt like to her, and so felt inside myself—like death, like dying, which I would almost have rather done, though adding to her sadness would rather die than do— but, by sitting still, like what, in fact, it was— a form of gratitude which when last it came drifted like a meadow lit by torches of cardinal flower, one of whose crimson blooms, when a hummingbird hovered nearby, I slipped into my mouth thereby coaxing the bird to scrawl on my tongue its heart's frenzy, its fleet nectar-questing song, with whom, with you, dear mother, I now sing along.They darken. In the sky over Florence, the oblong clouds swell and darken. And hailstones lift back through the updrafts, thickening, darkening, until, swollen as bird eggs, they drop to the cobbled streets.Horses! the child Galileo thinks, then peeks through the doorway to the shock of ten thousand icy hooves. At his back, his father is tuning violins, and because there is nothing sharper at hand Galileo saws through a captured hailstone with a length of E-string, the white globe opening slowly, and the pattern inside already bleeding its frail borders. Layers and layers of ice— Like what? Onion pulp? Cypress rings? If only the room were colder, and the eye finer. If only the hand were faster, and the blade sharper, and firmer, and without a hint of song . . .“I'm so—”I start to apologize,but Albert laughs.“It's not my birthday,”he says.I'm confused.“It's for you, Bindi.”“Me?” I say. “It's notmy birthday, either.”Albert leads me to the chair.He hands me the present.I open it.It's one of thoseplastic trophy things.It says: “World's Best Sister.”I get all choked up.“I'm really proud of you,”says Albert.“You are?”“Totally. You came througha really rough time, Bindi.”“Not always with flying colors,”I say.“True, but you never gave up.”“I thought I did, sometimes.And you went to all this trouble?”Albert shrugs. “It's what brothers do.”Albert's grandmother pops her head in.I look up.Megan and Kyra are in the doorway,smiling.Mrs. Poole leads us allover to the table.The message on the cake reads:“Bravo to Our Bindi!”“Wow!” says Kyra.Megan turns to Albert.“Need another sister?”Fifty-nine days to go. I can't find my purple beach towel. I can't even get to my closet without walking across a sea of dirty socks. Mom pokes her head into my doorway, says: “Time to clean your room, Sophie.” And I have to admit she's right. And it's not that cleaning my room is the worst thing to do. It's just that there are so many other better things to do, like— painting my toenails Strawberry Pink, eating a huge stack of Uncle Joe's pancakes, dreaming of riding the Ferris wheel, thinking up a story to tell around the campfire on Scary Story Night, painting shells, riding waves . . . all the fun, wonderful, sandy, sunny things we do at Summerhouse Time.She lived there for years in a small space in a high rise that saw her winter years dawn. When the past became larger than her present, she would call and thank us for cards we gave her when we were small; for Christmas, Mother's Day, her birthday, our devotion scrawled amidst depictions of crooked hearts and lopsided lilies. She would write out new ones, and we found them everywhere—unsent; in perfect cursive she wished us joy, chains of x's and o's circling her signature. And when her time alone was over, the space emptied of all but sunshine, dust, and a cross nailed above her door, those cards held for us a bitter peace; they had finally been delivered.Nothing to do but scuff down the graveyard road behind the playground, past the name-stones lined up in rows beneath their guardian pines, on out into the long, low waves of plains that dissolved time. We'd angle off from fence and telephone line, through ribbon-grass that closed behind as though we'd never been, and drift toward the bluff above the river-bend where the junked pickup moored with its load of locust-skeletons. Stretched across the blistered hood, we let our dresses catch the wind while clouds above dimmed their pink to purple, then shadow-blue— So slow, we listened to our own bones grow.I have a special ticket to another planet beyond this Earth. A comfortable world, and beautiful: a world without much smoke, not too hot and not too cold. The creatures are gentler there, and the governments have no secrets. The police are nonexistent: there are no problems and no fights. And the schools don’t exhaust their students with too much work for history has yet to start and there’s no geography and no other languages. And even better: the war has left its “r” behind and turned into love, so the weapons sleep beneath the dust, and the planes pass by without shelling the cities, and the boats look like smiles on the water. All things are peaceful and kind on the other planet beyond this Earth. But still I hesitate to go alone.I love when out of nowhere I love when out of nowhere my cat jumps on me and my body isn’t even surprised. Me who wants to be surprised by everything like a dandelion like a bottle cap cricket cricket. I keep waiting for the god under the anthill to speak up. I keep waiting for the part of the myth where everyone turns into a different bird or the reeds start talking or horses come out of the ocean in their parliamentary regalia and cities grow from their hoofprints. I keep waiting for the bugle and the jackal-headed god to weigh my heart across the river. All this daylight in just a few moments pours itself into darkness. More and more I’m satisfied with partial explanations like a fly with one wing, walking.To the piano of ragtime music, Paul Newman plunges his head into a basin of ice and water. A consummate conman, with Robert Redford, he's up and ready to take on the Mafia.The Sting is on. Hollywood redresses the wrongs of the world. From my proscenium seat, it is Newman's awakening into action that catches my imagination. Cool. So cool. Outside NAFDEC cinema, Kipling'sGreat Game rages on. Yet, I am barely away. My basin of ice cold water is going tepid. The con of it all. But to them it's jazz. It's all cool, for jazz makes them look cool. As for ragtime, just a last minute anachronistic improvisation, for good cinema's sake.In the new century, we lose the art of many things.   For example, at the beep, I communicate using the wrong machine.   I called to say we have two lives and only one of them is real.   When the phone rings: you could be anybody. In the evening: you are homeless   and hunting for good light, as safe a place as any to make a bed for the night.   In both my lives, my nerves go bust. I’m certain that I’m not   as I appear, that I’m a figment and you’re not really here.   The struggle is authenticity.   I have a message. You must believe me.It wasn’t socks missing from his feet, not elbow cloth unraveled unilaterally, not equal displacement of chin and brow, nor the eye that sat a bit lower on the right, it was his knuckle that made me weep, clove corners gone wayside, like minuscule meat hooks clawed away bits of him each shift he made, invisible a timeliness unfurled. It was his muscle torn through, festering, the prosthetic hand, finger- width dismay all across his attempted grin, left there just like that, for anyone to see—it was his mercy. In the end we’re rarely beautiful, mostly placed away from compromising situations into poses offsetting what has become of us in some gawker’s unnerving eyes. Yet, he was, is, still here in mine, and I’m human because of it. Maybe only. Maybe.He has transformed his Tonka dump truck into a push mower, using   lumber scraps and duct tape to construct a handle on the front end of the dump box.   One brave screw holds the makeshift contraption together.   All summer they outline the edges of these acres, first Daddy, and then,   behind him this small echo, each dodging the same stumps,   pausing to slap a mosquito, or rest in the shade, before once again pacing   out into the light, where first one, and then the other,   leans forward to guide the mowers along the bright edges of this familiar world.He was a surprise of white: his teeth like knives, his face a triangle of albino dislike. I had seen him before,   on our back porch, where my father sometimes left watermelon rinds, and he dipped his tongue into them,   his skin glowing beneath our lights, like some four-legged relative of the moon. I knew him as a citizen of the night:   a fainting, ghostly presence with a tail so naked it was embarrassed to drag behind him.   But that morning, terrified and violent, he was different: a hissing fury at the bottom of the garbage can, a vampire bathed in light.Something almost Flemish about that water, a golden brown but clear into its depths, the plank-ends of the dock a fading gray beside it, and a boat moored at the end; something, it seems to me in looking back, about a murky bullhead on a stringer, one of those rope ones you can hardly see, so that the fish appeared to scull in place; something (the details start to widen now) about white wooden clapboards on the side of that inn or tavern where my dad had stopped, a neon beer sign staring out through glass— late in the afternoon, I drinking deep of everything I saw, now mine to keep.Atop his exhausted buggy with its rusted wheels and now-stuck key, one boot missing, a faded jersey, the bill of his cap cracked off, he sits   behind a nicked brown horse that once flicked its tail, clattered around planked floor or rug when the buggy was wound after school by children who've since   fallen behind him, white-haired or gone, as he still waves the flopping spring of his crop, still stares through dimming goggles, gathering gray ribbons   of dust in his silent, frozen race down an ever-unfurling track, hunched to win, leaving far back all claps and laughter, his once-smooth face   scarred and pitted, just the white fleck of a smile now, more a sneer, his empty fists on the reins of air still holding tight.He said – long ago – that myth was dead. He meant it.   “Myth is dead!” “Long live myth!”   They are playing out something. Legendary.   Picks up her glass. She has a glass, with coffee,   ice and milk in it. Thinks about the refugees on the   road. Road to what, to where? With nothing but   their clothes on their backs. Mythic and literal.   How to speak about them and why? How to speak   to them. To keep them in mind. In our minds.   “Bless you and keep you,” so the prayer says.for John Ashbery    “Good Barber of the Pea!” I exhumed, high into the vag where the barber keeps his pea—   “Good Sprout!” His mouth, his gray and hunted tongue always in the distance— "No use denying we master the particular service we deny ourselves. In the shade of this pea (the sum of his shade and the gavel flexing above his head) I will become a milliner to cover what work I’ve done. Or else, I’ll begin anew   at the infant chin, where nothing grows but chins!  Outside, snails, vines, surpass me and must—gaining pews upon pews. But don’t think for a sec I don’t know the way out of here, that release is one hair—spiral stair—top of which cleavage evaporates”A creamy tear descended here when Cupid squeezed the teat of Venus. Dripping down the Milky Way it puddled beneath old oak, new pine. Love’s selfish thirst did pluck a cosmic note, set every entombed entangled bit of me in roots both new and old to singing. I was become in earth and by harmony a million bits of tongue and ear, sound funnels upwhorled in song conducting cones. Fresh music from old flesh corrected my (most melancholy) record of this last go round the planet. Now I was first things: elementals, vegetable and mineral in form, dust to kick it on the breeze, loam to feed old oak, new pine, Eros-greedy energy on hunt for nourishment, cream to suck, breast to squeeze.Vinnie Two Crow from the trailer at the school crossroads has walked up through the snow, bringing a loaf of pumpkin bread. Takes her big boots off and sits for coffee. Clem’s always treated us good.—You up here had too much trouble. I open the bread, and she asks about the quilt in my hoop. Stray lightning quilt, charred toys quilt—I don’t need to say that. If you want, she says, I brought some sage along. Good smoke might take away the bad, I told Clem out at the barn.—If you got an old bowl or something to burn it in.. . . and it seem as though I could 
see my heart before my eyes, turning 
dark black with hate of rages, or 
harhequinade, stripped from that munner 
life leaving only naked being-hate. 
—Charles Starkweather    On the Great Plains in March, the wind blows for days. Gutter pipes vibrate, shingles flap; things begin to come loose. Once they found old Miss Purdy wandering at midnight on U.S. 40, her dainty-laced nightgown billowing over her spindly, blue-gray thighs. It took three deputies to hold her down till the doctor arrived.   On the Great Plains in March the dry elm scrapes at an upstairs window, dust devils swirl and disperse across the wide, empty fields, and a pistol shot sounds no louder than a screen door slapping on a porch.To Have and Have Not, 1944    Betty Joan Perske, age nineteen, gives that look, the one that shifts tectonic plates, to Bogie, and that’s it: Germany surrenders, Japan bows its apologies, and that sailor smooches the nurse in Times Square. The world, no longer black and white, makes love as D-Day shrinks to just a time for planting daffodils, and Hiroshima grows Toyotas. Harry T. has lunch with Stalin; General Patton takes up nursing Bonsai trees. “You know how to whistle, don’t you,” says Bacall, as the moon sighs and the Earth sighs back. “Just put your lips together and blow.”Show's over, folks. And didn't October do A bang-up job? Crisp breezes, full-throated cries Of migrating geese, low-floating coral moon. Nothing left but fool's gold in the trees. Did I love it enough, the full-throttle foliage, While it lasted? Was I dazzled? The bees Have up and quit their last-ditch flights of forage And gone to shiver in their winter clusters. Field mice hit the barns, big squirrels gorge On busted chestnuts. A sky like hardened plaster Hovers. The pasty river, its next of kin, Coughs up reed grass fat as feather dusters. Even the swarms of kids have given in To winter's big excuse, boxed-in allure: TVs ricochet light behind pulled curtains. The days throw up a closed sign around four. The hapless customer who'd wanted something Arrives to find lights out, a bolted door.Don't feel small. We all have been demoted. Go on being moon or rock or orb, buoyant and distant, smallest craft ball at Vanevenhoven's Hardware spray-painted purple or day-glow orange for a child's elliptical vision of fish line, cardboard and foam. No spacecraft has touched you, no flesh met the luster of your heavenly body. Little cold one, blow your horn. No matter what you are planet, and something other than planet, ancient but not "classical," the controversy over what to call you light-hours from your ears. On Earth we tend to nurture the diminutive, root for the diminished. None  of your neighbors knows your name. Nothing has changed. If Charon's not your moon, who cares? She remains unmoved, your companion.After Lyle Lovett    If I had a ginko tree I'd climb it in the evening. If I had a marmoset He'd climb the tree with me. If we saw a falling star I'd wish I had a rocket. If I had a rocket I'd drag the star back home. If I went to space I'd pick up a satellite. If I had my own moon I wouldn't be so sad. If I weren't so sad I wouldn't need a companion. If I sold my marmoset I'd have a lot of cash. If I had some money I'd buy an Eldorado. (Silver, 1959, With fins like raptor wings.) I'd shine that Eldorado and drive it to my father's. If I had a father I'd take him for a ride.Asleep until noon, I'm dreaming we've been granted another year. You're here with me, healthy. Then, half-awake, the half-truth— this is our last day. Life's leaking away again, and this time, we know it. Dear body, I told you, pleading,Don't Leave! but I understand you can't say anything. Who are we? Are we fictional? We don't look like our pictures, don't look like anyone I know. Daylight flickers through a bamboo grove, we approach the Forbidden City, Looking together for the Hall of Fulfilling Original Wishes.Time is the treasure, you tell me,and the past is its hiding place. I instruct our fictional children,The past is the treasure, time is its hiding place. If we told him how much we love him, how much we miss him, he could stay.Why didst thou promise such a beauteous day, And make me travel forth without my cloak, To let base clouds o’ertake me in my way, Hiding thy bravery in their rotten smoke? ‘Tis not enough that through the cloud thou break, To dry the rain on my storm-beaten face, For no man well of such a salve can speak That heals the wound and cures not the disgrace: Nor can thy shame give physic to my grief; Though thou repent, yet I have still the loss: The offender’s sorrow lends but weak relief To him that bears the strong offence’s cross.    Ah! but those tears are pearl which thy love sheds,    And they are rich and ransom all ill deeds. ;Were’t aught to me I bore the canopy, With my extern the outward honouring, Or laid great bases for eternity, Which proves more short than waste or ruining; Have I not seen dwellers on form and favour Lose all, and more, by paying too much rent, For compound sweet forgoing simple savour, Pitiful thrivers, in their gazing spent? No;—let me be obsequious in thy heart, And take thou my oblation, poor but free, Which is not mix’d with seconds, knows no art, But mutual render, only me for thee.    Hence, thou suborn’d informer! a true soul,    When most impeach’d, stands least in thy control.So now I have confessed that he is thine, And I my self am mortgaged to thy will, Myself I’ll forfeit, so that other mine Thou wilt restore to be my comfort still: But thou wilt not, nor he will not be free, For thou art covetous, and he is kind; He learned but surety-like to write for me, Under that bond that him as fast doth bind. The statute of thy beauty thou wilt take, Thou usurer, that put’st forth all to use, And sue a friend came debtor for my sake; So him I lose through my unkind abuse. ;Him have I lost; thou hast both him and me: ;He pays the whole, and yet am I not free.When I do count the clock that tells the time,  And see the brave day sunk in hideous night;  When I behold the violet past prime,  And sable curls all silver’d o’er with white; When lofty trees I see barren of leaves  Which erst from heat did canopy the herd, And summer’s green all girded up in sheaves  Borne on the bier with white and bristly beard,  Then of thy beauty do I question make,  That thou among the wastes of time must go, Since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake And die as fast as they see others grow; ;And nothing ‘gainst Time’s scythe can make defence    Save breed, to brave him when he takes thee hence.Working with one eye closed or heads buried under their drapes, they focus to preserve the drowned shell-hole, the salient's rubble of dead, the bleached bones of sepoys torn from the earth. Their stills haunt us: a stretcher piled with skulls at Cold Harbour, graves in a barren wood that in one hour's carnage lost its name to history and the world's memory of death. The worst has happened, they confirm the worst: but show us too the makeshift hospital, the sad errand of the hospital van among the ruins. Also enough of sky to suggest the infinity of angles, that behind sandbags, under the hostile towers someone is finding time for a wry note on bowel movements, an entry that affirms the loved salience of what is always there: flower of Auschwitz, bird of the Western Front.I come off a little bit ventilated but you must realize the material world is constantly crumbling under my eyes it's too much for the novel tongue I speak the glitter of pavement in my brainstem, you must accommodate the polytonal grimace of the set lips becoming a smile, and you must accept the thin section of arm advancing across your peripheries to grip you in pleasure, measuring feeling in your restraint We have lived through the most furious little chunk of history for this? that we must unburden ourselves on night roof air, presuming the poise and perks of champ pigeon teams planing the evening winds until, signaled from the roof with a flag we become American birdsHappens this time in answer to indecency Lit by the yellow shop windows cast Unkind to you, that light You say, Sit, Ubu, sit, or Hey, I like your weave This avenue for instance Gateway to escapade You can see from the beginning to its end All-embracing greed Distracting appliqués of altruism Small pomme de terre Can you tell whose hand on the basinet and that does what for you Warmth all in the light Sight all in garage park hallway Morning's dusk on pause You stand body in profile What you don't fill in the doorway stays empty More than overcome I know you're there and unseal my lipsRicher than mother's milk is half-and-half. Friends of two minds, redouble your craft. Our shelves our hives, our selves a royal jelly, may we at Benares and Boston, Philly and Delhi collect our birthright nectar. No swarm our own, we must be industrious, both queen and drone. Being two beings requires a rage for rigor, rewritable memory, hybrid vigor. English herself is a crossbred mother mutt, primly promiscuous and hot to rut. Oneness? Pure chimera. Splendor is spliced. Make your halves into something twice your size, your tongue a hyphen joining nation to nation. Recombine, become a thing of your own creation, a many-minded mongrel, the line's renewal, self-made and twofold, soul and dual.The barstool's capacious, then ever more enclosed, with every beer, as evening erodes. A few capricious tourists off the cozy track propose unbeaten toasts. He'll soon be going back. Mannequin musicians play mandolins or thumb pianos, bleat out a reggae air on ragged banjos. The booths patter with the local lingo. Smattered English polishes the windows. An amble to the john, the mirror's random crack. The urinal's askew. He'll soon be going back. The minimal solicitudes of seven-minute flirts: blurted-out soliloquies, well-trained parting words. Insert pejorative for natives here, before a sputtered call for one more beer. Dusty carnations; carnival bric-a-brac— long-faded revaltions. He'll soon be going back.When the strange girl skips rope her hair flies like a porpoise. She collects things that melt and things that tick, circles and cubes and checkerboards in a drawer   she can pull out from her navel. Other children, alerted by the rumble of marbles in her chest, chase her across the field. She insists she is only   hungry, but they pin her down and open her up. Cockroaches rush out and bullies run and squeal, crushing carapaces underfoot. She gathers as many as she can,   tells them she’s sorry there is no lock. She’s sorry, but good children shouldn’t have secrets.You are afraid of the dark, for which you blame the raccoons, or more to the point, your father, who took you and your mother into the night with a flashlight and shotgun, then left with both, while you held her shaking hand. You would follow your father to the end of the world, those distant birch woods where raccoons rustle and flash their green eyes. His gun was firing into the persimmon trees and the rain of leaves and ripe fruit fell farther and farther, until only the crackle of his shots and the distant baying of the hounds could be heard. The raccoons came then to hiss all around: he left you, he left you, and now you are ours.I can play songs in my head Yes I can perfectly replicate   (the) full-on orchestral every note (when the lights / do down / in the city) yet I cannot   compose, for example   and though when I was young I believed   that the fullness meant I could recreate the sounds I heard in my head with my mouth   I learned through painful iteration painfully unsatisfactory   shameful the rendition   so partial almost unrelated the qualities are: note tone scale register vocality musicality incapacity painfully shy of representation is there anyone?   who is a record playerDid a slave song at a master’s bidding mark Tom while asleep in Charity's womb? The whole plantation would be called to sing and dance in Master Epps’ large parlor room— after work sprung from dawn and dragged past dusk, after children auctioned to parts unknown, after funerals and whippings. Thus was the whim of the patriarch. No groans allowed, just high steppin’ celebration, grins all around, gritted or sincere. Charity threw feet, hips, arms into motion to please the tyrant piano. Was it here Tom learned how music can prove the master? While he spun in a womb of slavish laughter?My own heart let me more have pity on; let Me live to my sad self hereafter kind, Charitable; not live this tormented mind With this tormented mind tormenting yet. I cast for comfort I can no more get By groping round my comfortless, than blind Eyes in their dark can day or thirst can find Thirst's all-in-all in all a world of wet. Soul, self; come, poor Jackself, I do advise You, jaded, let be; call off thoughts awhile Elsewhere; leave comfort root-room; let joy size At God knows when to God knows what; whose smile 's not wrung, see you; unforeseen times rather — as skies Betweenpie mountains — lights a lovely mile.I remember watching my father stop halfway up the driveway because my tricycle was blocking the way to the garage, and how he solved the problem by picking up the tricycle by the handlebars and smashing it through the windshield of our brand new family station wagon, his face red with scotch, his black tie and jacket flapping with effort, the tricycle making its way a little farther with each blow into the roomy interior of the latest model as the safety glass relented, the tricycle and the windshield both praiseworthy in their toughness, the struggle between them somehow making perfect sense in midday on our quiet suburban street, the windshield the anvil, the trike the hammer, the marriage the forge, and failure glowing in the heat, beaten and tempered, slowly taking shape.We mourn the broken things, chair legs wrenched from their seats, chipped plates, the threadbare clothes. We work the magic of glue, drive the nails, mend the holes. We save what we can, melt small pieces of soap, gather fallen pecans, keep neck bones for soup. Beating rugs against the house, we watch dust, lit like stars, spreading across the yard. Late afternoon, we draw the blinds to cool the rooms, drive the bugs out. My mother irons, singing, lost in reverie. I mark the pages of a mail-order catalog, listen for passing cars. All day we watch for the mail, some news from a distant place.He had to have it, his mother told him. How could he not, with so few left in the world? He felt heaviest at night with the miracle of it. He was a vessel now. A receptacle for a threatened being. What if he rose too fast and killed it? Or maybe his stillness would do it, too much sitting around, stunned and hungry. And what if the bear emerged alive and another formed in its place, would he have to have that one, too, and another one after that?  
  He dreamed of the panda’s tiny eyes opening inside him, the doctor’s wide incision, a whirring pain, and then the furry thing emerging, the bear turning to him as to a stranger and whether that would be it—his bit part in the history of the future.for Dylan    I watch the ocean square into a turning Burn. Burning, my holes glass over. Lightning Hits the beach, melts me shut. I’ve drowned Before, in the bye along a row of shored   Rocks. From the barrel chest butcher I buy Tight roasts. This year’s man, his clownish dog walks me In the park until I die on his leash and domestic Night’s sticky seizures. I thumb and ♥ it   Like liking a million times. The rich own long Lighthouses to show us how away from them We are. Past waiting for the press of his chest To my back, I hobby along to the next hem’s   Promise. Again I straddle the blade thinking This is the time it will fill the gash.They pay me to lift the ball off the bat touch the slender hand and slip beneath the taut band   I plant bulbs and mulch the mound I hone a group of black birds I do the simplest thing   In unison with the trees people move as the sun moves He calls a seagull an eagle and I agree   Across the pond they say I will I know this is a problem for the painter, etc.   Tell me where to go if they ditch me mid-season tell me a word seeks its world   Praise be to the upper lip of decision praise be to dumb clanking stems   Everything is alive even you, floral loaferShe turns the bedlamp on. The book falls open  in her mottled hands, and while she reads her mouth begins to quiver, forming words  like Breathless. Promises. Elope. As she turns the leaves, Eudora's cheek takes on a bit of bloom. Her frowzy hair  thickens and turns gold, her dim eyes clear, the wattles vanish from her slender neck. Her waist, emerging from its ring of flesh,  bends to the side. Breasts that used to hang  like pockets rise and ripen; her long legs  tremble. Her eyes close, she holds her breath—  the steamy pages flutter by, unread, as lover after lover finds her bed.Though I have never caught the word Of God from any calling bird, I hear all that the ancients heard.   Though I have seen no deity Enter or leave a twilit tree, I see all that the seers see.   A common stone can still reveal Something not stone, not seen, yet real. What may a common stone conceal?   Nothing is far that once was near. Nothing is hid that once was clear. Nothing was God that is not here.   Here is the bird, the tree, the stone. Here in the sun I sit alone Between the known and the unknown.You are a seahorse unraveling. You are the back of a landhorse looking backward. Gotten away form have you thrown yourself racing. Who took what was not out of thunderous shade In an all-knowing sycamore's branches. What who do you make of stone steps you stepped through. You took the boat onto flattened waters. White wall of blue morning fog to slip into. You withstood what is was that was wailing you through. There you were standing on nothing, looking down at two Blackfeathered slashes your two hands held on to. Off were you going aloft would birds such as these take You. Who leaned you and stood you and shook you and shook you.I am here for a very particular reason: to buy a 6-pack of beer and berries out of season ; ; ; ; ;all for you, i did it all for you ;I noticed an oil spill on my drive past the bay, emergency broadcast on the radio —What do you have to say? ; ; ; ; ;all for you, i did it all for you ;You chopped down the plant that used to grow my pants, resurrected it in Indonesia like a blow-up doll with amnesia ; ; ; ; ;all for you, i did it all for you ;Poor people once lived here but you flooded the valley with psilocybin carcinogens, and forced the kids into shooting galleries ; ; ; ; ;all for you, i did it all for you75. Even with geographic proximity, there may exist temporal systems such that two people cannot meet one another or will never meet again. Dream last night includes swimming. Something about a thick river, keep riding boots on it, travel from station to station, temporary home to home. It is Berlin or a group of islands called "Connecticut." I am alone or have a child or am with my brother. It is sunset, when one seek something. It is possible we somehow die for a time, a year, a month, a day, without realizing this, then awake to find ourselves, which is to say "someone," present again, attentive, expectant, apologetic even?I stand in Walgreens while my mother sleeps. The store is fluorescent and almost empty. My father is ailing in a nursing home, my friend is dying in the hospital. What I want tonight is lipstick. As pure a red as I can find—no coral undertones, no rust or fawn. Just red. Ignoring the salespeople, I untwist tubes and scrawl each color on my wrist, till the blue veins beneath my skin disappear behind smeared bars. I select one. Back in my mother's apartment, silence. I limn my lips back out of my wan face. There they are again: smacky and wanting.In the evenings of my childhood, when I went to bed, music washed into the cove of my room, my door open to a slice of light. I felt a melancholy I couldn't have named, a longing for what I couldn't yet have said or understood but still knew was longing, knew was sadness untouched by time. Sometimes the music was a rippling stream of clear water rushing over a bed of river stones caught in sunlight. And many nights I crept from bed to watch her swaying where she sat overtaken by the tide, her arms rowing the music out of the piano.nun meets me at the station,    first month with carol and dick reynolds.  set the table.  clean the kitchen.  vacuum.thank god she didn't ask me to take care of the children. i dry  dishes in the afternoon.   watch her can apples from the backyard, put them in the cellar dark to save for winter.why is everything so quiet?   why does the man come home from school everyday at 3:30 and read the paper?   why a different casserole on the table every night and everyone eats one portion and one portion only?  why is there always enough, but never too much. . .When you know that vore means eat, you will know that insectivores feed ; ;   on grasshoppers, moths, and butterflies, ; ;   mosquitoes, bees, and plain-old flies. When you know that carni means meat, you will know that carnivores eat ; ;   snakes and lizards, deer and lamb, ; ;   carrion, birds, fish, and ham. When you know that herb means plant, you will know that herbivores CAN'T ; ;   eat anything that moves on a foot, ; ;    just foods that spring up from a root. When you know that omni means all, you will know that omnivores call Everything ; ;   they can suck or chew— ; ;   sometimes even me or you— food. ; ; ;words are birds that arrive with books and spring they love clouds the wind and trees some words are messengers that come from far away from distant lands for them there are no borders only stars moon and sun some words are familiar like canaries others are exotic like the quetzal bird some can stand the cold others migrate with the sun to the south some words die caged— they're difficult to translate and others build nests have chicks warm them feed them teach them how to fly and one day they go away in flocks the letters on this page are the prints they leave by the sea75.Even with geographic proximity, there may exist temporal 
systems such that two people cannot meet one another or will 
never meet again. 
Dream last night includes swimming. Something about a thick 
river, keep riding boats on it, travel from station to station, 
temporary home to home. It is Berlin or a group of islands 
called "Connecticut." I am alone or have a child or am with 
my brother. It is sunset, when one seeks something. 
It is possible we somehow die for a time, a year, a month, a day,  
without realizing this, then awake to find ourselves, which is to 
say "someone," present again, attentive, expectant, apologetic 
even?It was too big to take on the subway so she came to it every day that winter in the room where it waited on one foot, sly seabird.   She sat down and opened her hands, parted the wings one by one till it flew ahead of her fingers singing the lame foot skidding on gold.   The sun turned its back on the glass and paled as she sat obstinate green-eyed her foot on its foot pumping.   The fire died. Snow hissing at the window. Above her head a baroque hailstorm failed in 4/4 time. She sang, unable to hold the bright hinge to her heart. Lame savior she sang. It bowed as she left and sat, chastened by scales, wondering.I turn over A new museum leaf The light is new And right on the spot I was just thinking about A fleet is about to set out On the ocean light Water turns to sky And makes the eye Blend ingredients in a bend Shaped like an ear A new speaker is speaking I hear the words They sound along The halls of the balls I turn to find them As if I knew where to turn Isn't that the sound That's present Isn't that the sound That's gifted Isn't that something I'd like to put upon The walls And take down Take apart And put in a mood The instructions to which I say aloud. ; ;  . ; ;   . ; ;. ; ;  . Before the astronomer's table a circle with a demon inside demons with wings of a bat (Before the astronomer's table) overhead like an armada of ships . ; ;  . ; ;   . ; ;. ; ;  . Time of the weed, time of bramble along the bank of a canal muddy with old newspaper close-held surface to write on to dance as with desire black letters where roads meet . ; ;  . ; ;   . ; ;. ; ;  . Tonight in the city, only the chains make soft noises like bells only the dogs are awake the fences lean over to scrape their elbows on stone and broken glassWe trekked into a far country, My friend and I. Our deeper content was never spoken, But each knew all the other said. He told me how calm his soul was laid By the lack of anvil and strife. “The wooing kestrel,” I said, “mutes his mating-note To please the harmony of this sweet silence.” And when at the day’s end We laid tired bodies ’gainst The loose warm sands, And the air fleeced its particles for a coverlet; When star after star came out To guard their lovers in oblivion— My soul so leapt that my evening prayer Stole my morning song!The room was suddenly rich and the great bay-window was Spawning snow and pink roses against it Soundlessly collateral and incompatible: World is suddener than we fancy it. World is crazier and more of it than we think, Incorrigibly plural. I peel and portion A tangerine and spit the pips and feel The drunkenness of things being various. And the fire flames with a bubbling sound for world Is more spiteful and gay than one supposes—  On the tongue on the eyes on the ears in the palms of one's hands— There is more than glass between the snow and the huge roses.In the first taxi he was alone tra-la, No extras on the clock. He tipped ninepence But the cabby, while he thanked him, looked askance As though to suggest someone had bummed a ride. In the second taxi he was alone tra-la But the clock showed sixpence extra; he tipped according And the cabby from out his muffler said: ‘Make sure You have left nothing behind tra-la between you’. In the third taxi he was alone tra-la But the tip-up seats were down and there was an extra Charge of one-and-sixpence and an odd Scent that reminded him of a trip to Cannes. As for the fourth taxi, he was alone Tra-la when he hailed it but the cabby looked Through him and said: ‘I can’t tra-la well take So many people, not to speak of the dog.’And when they bombed other people’s houses, we   protested but not enough, we opposed them but not   enough. I was in my bed, around my bed America   was falling: invisible house by invisible house by invisible house.   I took a chair outside and watched the sun.   In the sixth month of a disastrous reign in the house of money   in the street of money in the city of money in the country of money, our great country of money, we (forgive us)   lived happily during the war.Rintrah roars and shakes his fires in the burdened air; Hungry clouds swag on the deep. Once meek, and in a perilous path, The just man kept his course along The vale of death. Roses are planted where thorns grow, And on the barren heath Sing the honey bees. Then the perilous path was planted: And a river and a spring On every cliff and tomb; And on the bleached bones Red clay brought forth. Till the villain left the paths of ease, To walk in perilous paths, and drive The just man into barren climes. Now the sneaking serpent walks In mild humility, And the just man rages in the wilds Where lions roam. Rintrah roars and shakes his fires in the burdened air; Hungry clouds swag on the deep.—Cincinnati, Ohio, 1972    Dear Sister,   America.   Late nights, we lie under the spread and listen to the stereo jazz sounds of WTKO on the FM station. He says I am so fine in my tight, pulled-back and strapless bed-sheet gown. Imagine, the polyester with sequins. A sultry Dinah Washington.  Turn. ;He puts a pillow on his stomach, a finger to his lips and blows — he can do a Louis like nobody else.Turn, ;to the Golden Oldies. Sometimes, he calls me his favorite Supreme or his one and only Apollo showgirl.   With the switch of a dial, we move in unison. In the infinite dark, our flickering stations    turn.It's not about the sex, really, it's not the ache of the bruised nipple or the burn left by his two-day-old beard in the crook of my neck where the pulse is taken, it's his breathing when asleep that draws me near. When I was seventeen, I'd check beside me, hope I hadn't rolled and squashed flat my one-year-old brother. His sigh on my ear, the rise and fall of air beneath his ribs, was a miracle to me. The nightly surprise of what I saw under the bulb's dim glow: I saw the small heart beating like wings unfolding in the body. Here, with this man, ideas of flight return.There's a word you've met but once and now forgotten ; ; ; for the spoon-shaped concave under your Adam's apple: a small pouch that must be kissed and kissed again ; ; ; by lovers learning the ins and outs of one another and where last night in the sleeping dark a lone mosquito ; ; ; inserted itself and drew fresh blood and left venom and a couple of love-bites ; ; ; then left without waking you although this morning you'll blaze with the minute but unassuageable ; ; ; pain of them—which only that word that's vanished into the mud of memory might be the right cooling balm for.I’ve always felt as if I were in a cage. If I stick out an arm, I’m seen as wanting and taking. A leg: my violence is noted. When I mentioned the suffocation by my father, they made it autobiographical. The subtext of my work in iron has been ignored, lost in discussions of time, not space. What you’ll never understand about installations is that everyone else is always outside of them. I’m stuck inside. The move toward deliberate transience is the mark of a fool. If disappearing is inevitable, you must fight it. No one misses the prisoner. The bars are like a frame: you want in as much as I have always wanted out.It is snowing in southwest Michigan. Such weather is unusual so late. The trees are squirting buds that advocate For green profusions that yesterday began To grunt and poke and strain toward full-blown spring. Now fleeced, the trees are January stark. Though clocks, sprung forward, hedge against the dark, We hear the arias our miseries sing When darkness is a slave to all that white. If global warming is the fangs of doom I see its poison wafting, from this room. The future will be mottled if not bright. Perhaps I’ll die before the killing trend. I hear my children’s voices on this wind.An enormous list: coming and goings, nights and mornings, births and deaths and rebirths and second deaths and little lapses like grace notes where sadness surges in:   sadness surges in, a passing-windshield light-effect on the ceiling. Would you prefer it some other way? I’m versatile. I’m hungry. I’m hot. I’m not really sad either. I’m happy, it’s just that this happiness isn’t the happiness I expected or sought and for a time I confused this happiness with the sadness I thought I was experiencing. I feel a lot better now.   Oooh. That should give you an indication of the improvement. Oooh, there it goes again. And again, only I didn’t say ‘Oooh’ this time. I can’t explain it, but it feels terrific, like a totally fulfilled infatuation or a California Lifestyle apartment ad."light which is not sum" —Norma Cole, Mars    The workaround or aura Not like repetition   When we get to the final sun The maps are water the water gold   He would not honor me You explain then against   The disbelief displayed by the character I couldn’t know him   But knew love and Know it through knowledge   “Love never falls off whether prophecies will be abolished whether tongues stopped”   Announced as the fact Redolent of what was   The defining addition More than the parts   Unprecedented Ardor also not   Adding up to Sun or son to sum   The outcome Unknowable   Perfect and Unavowed   The same sound Unknown sumAt the market today, I look for Piñata apples, their soft-blush-yellow. My husband brought them home last week, made me guess at the name of this new strain, held one in his hand like a gift and laughed as I tried all the names I knew: Gala, Fuji, Honey Crisp—watched his face for clues—what to call something new? It's winter, only tawny hues and frozen ground, but that apple bride was sweet, and I want to bring it back to him, that new. When he cut it, the star inside held seeds of other stars, the way within a life are all the lives you might live, each unnamed, until you name it.It was twilight all day. Sometimes the smallest things weigh us down, small stones that we can't help admiring and palming. Look at the tiny way this lighter vein got inside. Look at the heavy gray dome of its sky. This is no immutable world. We know less than its atoms, rushing through. Light, light. Light as air, to them, for all we know. Trust me on this one, there is happiness at stake. Boulder, grain. Planet, dust: What fills the stones fills us. I remember, or I have a feeling, I could be living somewhere with you, weighted down the way we aren't now. Often the greatest things, those you'd think would be the heaviest, are the very ones that float.I will hear his sleep in and through my own, my sleep will be bathed in his as if we slept in one same fluid My sleep floats within a listening so deep that the separating spaces of air become as pliant and full as snowfall, its singing silence as profound My ears and his throat — the sensation of anticipated hearing close inside the ear and the incipient murmur or cry forming at the end of his sleep — borne like birds and thrumming on the air of rooms between us My own sleep will be his clock, safely keeping time, his sleep tunes my dreams to listen, our sleep binds the hour, heavy and warm, into a blanket of air and soundfor Vivek Narayanan    it isn't matter isn't doesn't matter does it compared with what shan't have known your lines are all lines of approach this dog's eyelids this delhi dog's intentional eyelids, this doorway dog, this dog fellating beggars delhi exuding matter nictitation cannot extrude America to england the third nictitating poetry is over eyelid cannot eject America to england large foreign bodies poetry is over over and out surgery rarely happens over and ours dogs aren't loved over here, here! sufficiently foreign bodies remain requiring incision mind yourself it happened before you as you go you're nothing cold sunshine practised apprehensionA question posed to Flannery O'Connor, as to whether writing programs stifled writers, drew the famous, tart rejoinder that in her opinion they didn't stifle nearly enough. 
Even if, as it is often said, there are too many of us—poets, that is—that the field is too crowded (as opposed to too many hedge-fund managers or too many pharmaceutical lobbyists or too many fundamentalists), time, rejection, discouragement, and the inevitable practicalities and detours (some of them fortuitous), as well as wasted energy, the slow seepage or sudden shift of interest, premature death, burdensome debt or better offers, usually cure the problem of overpopulation. In other words, there are plenty of natural predatorsI wake to money, and take my money slow I watched for money, lights turned low   One must have a mind of money . . . Money that is not there and the money that is   The art of money isn't hard to master . . . The money surrounds us . . .   Sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet money Money on a wet, black bough   Do not go gentle into that good money The pure products of money go crazy   Money sweeping out from us to disappear Oh Money! My Money! our fearful trip is done   I myself will die without money Money, Money, you bastard, I'm through.Most of what happens happens beyond words. The lexicon of lip and fingertip defies translation into common speech. I recognize the musk of your dark hair. It always thrills me, though I can't describe it. My finger on your thigh does not touch skin— it touches your skin warming to my touch. You are a language I have learned by heart.   This intimate patois will vanish with us, its only native speakers. Does it matter? Our tribal chants, our dances round the fire performed the sorcery we most required. They bound us in a spell time could not break. Let the young vaunt their ecstasy. We keep our tribe of two in sovereign secrecy. What must be lost was never lost on us.I worry much about the suffering of Machado. I was only one when he carried his mother across the border from Spain to France in a rainstorm. She died and so did he a few days later in a rooming house along a dry canal. To carry Mother he abandoned a satchel holding his last few years of poetry. I've traveled to Collioure several times to search for Machado's lost satchel. The French fed him but couldn't save him. There's no true path to a death — we discover the path by walking. We turn a corner on no road and there's a house on a green hill with a thousand colorful birds sweeping in a circle. Are the poems in the basement of the house on the hill? We'll find out if we remember earth at all.In Phnom Penh’s museum, the skulls are stacked in aquarium tanks: grim toys for hooks to ply free from the rubble. Here, each one gets a tag, a mount, a photograph to suggest a life, perhaps a name, might be envisioned. Yet I’m more moved by what’s anonymous, past; imagine fields of faces sunken with decay, eyes jellied in their sockets, heel meats bruised, bloated in the rain— ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; Perhaps the skulls prefer a lack of names as, scrubbed of self and skin, they’re trauma’s best witnesses: fused by time and pain to one crisis, never to be separated. Lost as men, they become event. in this, they achieve a terrible transcendence.When you step through the back door into the kitchen father is still sitting at the table with a newspaper folded open in front of him and pen raised, working the crossword puzzle. In the living room mother is sleeping her peaceful sleep at last, in a purple robe, with her head back, slippered feet up and twisted knuckle hands crossed right over left in her lap. Through the south window in your old room you see leaves on the giant ash tree turning yellow again in setting sun and falling slowly to the ground and one by one all the questions you ever had become clear. Number one across: a four-letter word for no longer. Number one down: an eleven letter word for gone.First snow—I release her into it— I know, released, she won't come back. This is different from letting what, already, we count as lost go. It is nothing like that. Also, it is not like wanting to learn what losing a thing we love feels like. Oh yes: I love her. Released, she seems for a moment as if some part of me that, almost, I wouldn't mind understanding better, is that not love? She seems a part of me, and then she seems entirely like what she is: a white dog, less white suddenly, against the snow, who won't come back. I know that; and, knowing it, I release her. It's as if I release herbecause I know.If you think you know enough to say this poem is about good hair, I'll correct you and tell you it's about history which is the blacksmith of our tongues. Our eyes. Where you see misunderstanding I see knuckles and teeth for sale in a storefront window. I see the waterlogged face of the fourteen-year-old boy. The bullet's imperceptible sizzle toward an unarmed man. And as you ask me to sign the book that is not mine, your gaze shifting between me and the author's photo, whispering,but that's not you? I do not feel sorry for you. No. I think only that when a man is a concept he will tell you about the smell of smoke. He will tell you the distance between heartbreak and rage.Because he was 38, because this was his second job, because he had two daughters, because his hands looked like my father's, because at 7 he would walk to the furniture warehouse, unload trucks 'til 3 AM, because I was fourteen and training him, because he made $3.75 an hour, because he had a wife to look in the face, because he acted like he respected me, because he was sick and would not call out I didn't blink when the water dropped from his nose into the onion's perfectly circular mouth on the Whopper Jr. I coached him through preparing. I did not blink. Tell me this didn't happen. I dare you.It’s the shivering. When rage grows hot as an army of red ants and forces the mind to quiet the body, the quakes emerge, sometimes just the knees, but, at worst, through the hips, chest, neck until, like a virus, slipping inside the lungs and pulse, every ounce of strength tapped to squeeze words from my taut lips, his eyes scanning my car’s insides, my eyes, my license, and as I answer the questions 3, 4, 5 times, my jaw tight as a vice, his hand massaging the gun butt, I imagine things I don’t want to and inside beg this to end before the shiver catches my hands, and he sees, and something happens.(for Philip Haas)    The television set hung in its wire-net cage, protected from the flung bottles of casual rage, is fetish and icon providing all we want of magic and redemption, routine and sentiment. The year-old tinsels hang where an unclaimed no-hoper trembles; fly-corpses cling to the grimy flypaper. Manhattan snows swarm on star-boxed waters, steam trails from warm subway ventilators . . .  Welcome to the planet, its fluorescent beers buzzing in the desolate silence of the spheres. Slam the door and knock the snow from your shoe, admit that the vast dark at last defeated you. Nobody found the Grail or conquered outer space; join the clientele watching itself increase.The bright drop quivering on a thorn in the rich silence after rain, lute music in the orchard aisles, the paths ablaze with daffodils, intrigue and venery in the airà l’ombre des jeunes filles en fleurs, the iron hand and the velvet glove — come live with me and be my love.   A pearl face, numinously bright, shining in silence of the night, a muffled crash of smouldering logs, bad dreams of courtiers and of dogs, the Spanish ships around Kinsale, the screech-owl and the nightingale, the falcon and the turtle dove — come live with me and be my love.My parents kept me from children who were rough Who threw words like stones and wore torn clothes Their thighs showed through rags they ran in the street And climbed cliffs and stripped by the country streams. I feared more than tigers their muscles like iron Their jerking hands and their knees tight on my arms I feared the salt coarse pointing of those boys Who copied my lisp behind me on the road. They were lithe they sprang out behind hedges Like dogs to bark at my world. They threw mud While I looked the other way, pretending to smile. I longed to forgive them but they never smiled.What I expected, was Thunder, fighting, Long struggles with men And climbing. After continual straining I should grow strong; Then the rocks would shake And I rest long. What I had not foreseen Was the gradual day Weakening the will Leaking the brightness away, The lack of good to touch, The fading of body and soul Smoke before wind, Corrupt, unsubstantial. The wearing of Time, And the watching of cripples pass With limbs shaped like questions In their odd twist, The pulverous grief Melting the bones with pity, The sick falling from earth - These, I could not foresee.   Expecting always Some brightness to hold in trust Some final innocence Exempt from dust, That, hanging solid, Would dangle through all Like the created poem, Or the faceted crystal.She invents wilderness out of absence, erases houses, the husband, the sewer pipe and the suburb it empties. Leaving the sparrow, the snake. Daily walks in her Virginia suburb minus the curb. Biographers struggle to account for these years in the wilderness, the housewife off hiking. Maybe her Virginia should be a West Virginia: wilder, less money, the creek a holler not this empty cul-de-sac. Some days she erased all but the air, maybe the light. Husband of the space bar, carpool a clean section break. She became a man in the wilderness and won the Pulitzer. I told the truth, she said, only I left some out. What rises in such a clearing? What stays home checking and re-checking the egg.Ah yes - they justify it all, the brats, hungry or asleep and gorged with milk. Each drop's (yes, the milk they drink is yours) another line unwritten, another page crumpled like a pufiball on the floor. Your limpid dialogue is reduced to the basic syllables of the cave and the quick infant minds grow huge, while you relearn vocabularies from the pram. The typewriter is now a battered toy, its ribbon has fingerprinted all the walls (cenotaphs for dead letters all its keys). You tap the heads assailing your broad lap and polarise regret and love them while the cunning offspring of your milk and blood root up the truffles of your mind.Since I stopped the flow Of primordial ciswhite straight men Whom I heedlessly collect And from whom the spring feeds Without reason I have been Shopping so much more Than suits a prophet in the forest. A man said he felt like an awful cad But an admission as such Does not irrigate a dry spell Once it’s surpassed the length Of a petty offense record Because the body’s memory is not so Mutated by language And there’s very little pleasure in force When the subject is inertia. I used to leave as soon as The mysterious chemistry worked out Now I am both the one who leaves And the one who stays Eco­-novelty is rare and common And each design reforms The future and the last.“I am playing my oldest tunes,” declared she, ;  “All the old tunes I know,— Those I learnt ever so long ago.” —Why she should think just then she’d play them ;   Silence cloaks like snow. When I returned from the town at nightfall ;  Notes continued to pour As when I had left two hours before: “It’s the very last time,” she said in closing; ;   “From now I play no more.” A few morns onward found her fading, ;  And, as her life outflew, I thought of her playing her tunes right through; And I felt she had known of what was coming, ;  And wondered how she knew.Because you’re gone, I take a book to bed:The Flame of Passion. Scabbard at his thigh, Lord Henry gets the girl. You’d only buy top Booklist picks. “The romance genre’s dead,” you’d say when promises of I-thee-wed lured me to bargain bins. I learned to lie about my day, hoard Harlequins on the sly while you were off at work, your office spread with red-inked proofs. But now it makes me yawn to read beyond the lovers’ wedding night. I close The Flame, not even halfway through. His sword grows dull while she goes on and on about how lovers must stay true. I’d write another ending, if I could, for you.I first discovered what was killing these men. I had three sons who worked with their father in the tunnel: Cecil, aged 23, Owen, aged 21, Shirley, aged 17. They used to work in a coal mine, not steady work for the mines were not going much of the time. A power Co. foreman learned that we made home brew, he formed a habit of dropping in evenings to drink, persuading the boys and my husband — give up their jobs and take this other work. It would pay them better. Shirley was my youngest son; the boy. He went into the tunnel. ;My heart ;my mother ;my heart ;my mother ; My heart ;my coming into being.About twilight we came to the whitewashed pub On a knuckle of land above the bay   Where a log was riding and the slow Bird-winged breakers cast up spray.   One of the drinkers round packing cases had The worn face of a kumara god,   Or so it struck me. Later on Lying awake in the veranda bedroom   In great dryness of mind I heard the voice of the sea Reverberating, and thought: As a man   Grows older he does not want beer, bread, or the prancing flesh, But the arms of the eater of life, Hine-nui-te-po,   With teeth of obsidian and hair like kelp Flashing and glimmering at the edge of the horizon.The small grey cloudy louse that nests in my beard Is not, as some have called it, ‘a pearl of God’ —   No, it is a fiery tormentor Waking me at two a.m.   Or thereabouts, when the lights are still on In the houses in the pa, to go across thick grass   Wet with rain, feet cold, to kneel For an hour or two in front of the red flickering   Tabernacle light — what He sees inside My meandering mind I can only guess —   A madman, a nobody, a raconteur Whom He can joke with — ‘Lord,’ I ask Him,   ‘Do You or don’t You expect me to put up with lice?’ His silent laugh still shakes the hills at dawn.Race, friends, is boring.  Everyone says so. Hashtag all lives matter, the channel turns, we ourselves live and turn, and moreover the TV told me yesterday (unendingly) ‘Ever to talk about race means you have no   Inner Resources.’ I conclude now I have no Inner Resources, because all I see is race. People have race, literature has race, especially great literature, Henry has race, with his blacks & whites made up as his feelings   about love & sex & art, which have race. And our social ills, & sin, in Chinese drag are somehow a dog that’s eaten itself, & its tail miserably remains as our mirror, bone or breaker, heaving on tide: us, flag.I had not vomited in so long Someone put the hex on my true-to-selfness Some sorcerer kept me far from my guts The guts I feared would choke me And make me ashamed of having no wings And drown my own heart I know how to survive a feeling But I forgot that I knew it A manic forgetter froze my meats I kept asking for help when I didn't need it My demons stared out from the ice When they finally thawed they'd been dead all along And now I am the walking thawed You survive yourself if you wait long enough And vomit your guts down your defrosted breast And bathe in your mess and say baby it's fineFood in the underworld, the Death King   In his seedy, green nightgown Holding up flowers.   The warden of the underworld In her plastic, pink   Wheelchair Serving silver trays of   Shit and death and black Gelatinous.   Birth, the music Reminds me and   Will not stop When I turn it off,   A warped music boxTrapped inside.    I repeat what I cannot bear: Chronic repetition.   This poem is its own Language.   It marks the mind Like a missing memory   Marks the body. Then it Changes, makes it invisible.   Back form the edge of what Becomes.My mother’s named for places, not Sandusky that has wild hair soliciting the moon like blue-black clouds touring. Not Lorain with ways too benevolent for lay life. Ashtabula comes closer, southern, evangelical and accented, her feet wide as yams.   She’s Florida Missouri, a railroad, sturdy boxcars without life of their own, filled and refilled with what no one can carry.   You just can’t call somebody Ravenna who’s going to have to wash another woman’s bras and panties, who’s going to wear elbow-length dishwater to formal gigs, who’s going to have to work with her hands, folding and shuffling them in prayer.along the street the outcast pauses his earring makes him special a useless worker of the disgraceful he’s stood at the crossroads of  years the traffic light contains three colors but none give him permission to cross I live OK and work at present as word processor (from the root “cess”) and in the process wander or hold court with whacked youngsters you just can’t get used to death you drain your life toiling for some treasure you’ll die like a darling you won’t protest and out of decorum pretend to see the light die just like the rest of us and to your relatives’ delight agonizing confess you know where to find the gold    Translated from the Russianthe voyage of st. brendan Books were Brendan’s love. At number one,Amazing Tales, a vast compendium. Within, he found the Mathematic Salmon, the Manticore, the breath-defying Dragon. The dog-head folks, called Cynocephali, a godless bunch who play the banjolele. The Arctic tribes who worship tiger seals, their ice-hickle cities on wagon wheels. The whale  Jasconius, its mountain-back all porcupined with oak, and elm, and ash. And Inexpressible Isle, its ruined fort with butterfly judges, Heart’s Grief Court. In time, this diet of ripe and rum detail weighed on Brendan: he sickened, grew pale. He craved, instead, a simple common sense in keeping with his Rule of abstinence. “These things,” he cried, “are figments, folderols. The truth is here, at hand: a linnet’s carols, Kerry mountains, Christ upon his hook.” And Brendan made a fire, and burnt his book.My daddy understood the richness of color and shunned my oldest sister’s whitewashed birth.Who the white child belong to? He asked in the delivery ward shaming himself as the source. Shadism colored my siblings’ perception. An ideal hierarchy with light skin the pinnacle after the paper bag test proved me cocoa dark and of less value. Burned biscuit defined what I could not erase. When they tired of sidewalk chalk and strike ’em out their feigned indignation made my smile give and give unsuccessfully, reaching eyes where ducts emptied silently. Turned my cheek on juvenile acceptance and sibling rivalry reminding myself thatAfter all, I’m the real thing and it comforted me.rustle plastic bags of outside food in movie theaters/talk out of turn in the swallow-dark light/believe trash should be/as confetti/everywhere in the viaducts’ shadow/souring in gutters’ craw/jaywalk with the urgency of sloth /split verbs meaningfully/do or want to do better/ tattoo so you will never mis- remember our names/name ourselves Precious and Mercedes/must have some Indian in us/search for signifiers in eyes/ bright earlobes/textures of hair/ are color-stuck/are disabused our definitions of love/love and don’t know how to call it/ grieve any number of nouns/mostly people/ pets/preoccupy with memories at the repast/recall that day at the beach that / leads us to days at the beach grilling/meat browning/its purpose/it’s children on the sandbar tossing a ball/the dog biting the surf/finally some mirth/we carry for keeps.We fix you maternally in the mind, orient you in a case of “tut-tut,” “there there,” and “you’re young yet,” but how many times did you posture yourself for the broad body of him or him and open like home — his hands in your hair, your nerves rising kinetically to the cupola of his palms? Lovers’ propensity for being a keep and your saying (when you mean it), “I am yours.” We fix you in the mind as bright-sighted seminar, dipping from the source all that you know, but how often did your eyes light in flirtation or fight, working from his getting your dander up to his oval mouth there, there, your teasing tut-tut in arousing admonition at what he was after, knowing, as you prepared to keep him, that you were young yet and gleaning, gleaning.Beside the tree Beside the chair Beside the house Beside the pit Beside the tree stump Coco say don’t climb / so I don’t / I sit & stare — my skin coming dark and burnt They say: tire I say: brown They say: Black Black can’t take back! & I don’t I learnt to not ask where I’m from I learn to listen, then not I’m too scared they gone tell me the things about myself ; ; ;I done already buried in the dark Beside the tree  Beside the chair ;Beside the house    Beside the pit Beside the tree stump ;    I sit ;  I sit ;   I sit ;   ’til no one even know I’m (t)hereBecause the butterfly’s yellow wingflickering in black mud was a wordstranded by its language. Because no one elsewas coming — & I ran out of reasons.So I gathered fistfuls of  ash, dark as ink,hammered theminto marrow, into a skull thickenough to keepthe gentle curse of  dreams. Yes, I aimedfor mercy —  but came only closeas building a cage around the heart. Shuttersover the eyes. Yes,I gave it hands despite knowingthat to stretch that clay slabinto five blades of light,I would go too far. Because I, too,needed a place to hold me. So I dippedmy fingers back into the fire, pried openthe lower faceuntil the wound widened into a throat,until every leaf shook silverwith that god -awful scream& I was done. & it was human.I was so afraid. I couldn’t escape it. It was bigger than me and 3 horned. It dashed for me and missed and missed again. It leapt for me in my skirt. I was younger than it. It opened its parent mouth and I could die trying. 
It would never never miss me. 
It would stand on its two legs 
and I was its message. 
Running hands over this country’s pantalones. 
I’m still surprised by our hulking silhouette. 
Our hopeful investments and slightly whiny children. 
Pompous jars of mustard in the fridge. 
We as blunt as gum 
under tables in restaurants.Bitaug, Siquijor, Philippines    Three women dragged the spiky, bulky mass onto a bamboo table on the side of an island road. A raised hunting knife glinted in sunlight, then plunged with a breathless gasp, slicing into the unseen. To a passerby they were a curious wall, a swarm of onlookers, barrio children and younger women, buzzing with a rising gleeful cadence as a mother busied herself with the butchering. Surprisingly, a citrusy, sugary scent sweetened the stranger’s face when offered the yellow flesh like thickened petals, licorice to the touch, he stood awed at the monstrous jackfruit, bloodless armadillo halved, quartered, sectioned off for feasting. His tongue tingled ripely. This country’s foreign to meHow long can you speak. Without inhaling. How long. Can you inhale without. Bursting apart. History is wagging. Its ass at us. Twirling in its silver. Cape. I want to kiss. Your scalp. I want you to kiss. My friends. Can you see the wet. Azalea quivering. On its vine. Its ripening. Dread. If it never rained again. I would still wear. My coat. Still wrap. My socks in plastic. Doing. One thing is a way. Of not doing everything else. Today I answer only. To my war name. Wise. Salt. I can make. A stone float off into. The sky. I can make. A whole family. Disappear. I know. So many people. Have been awful to you. I’ve given each one. A number. When you’re ready. I will ask you to draw me. Their hands.The first line is a row of girls, twenty-five of them, almost a painting, shoulders overlapping, angled slightly toward you. One says: I’m myself here. The others shudder and laugh through the ribbon core that strings them. They make a tone tighter by drumming on their thighs and opening their mouths. The girls are cells. The girls are a fence, a fibrous network. One by one they describe their grievances. Large hot malfunctioning machines lie obediently at their sides. Their shirts are various shades of ease in the surrounding air, which is littered with small cuts. One will choose you, press you into the ground. You may never recover. The second-to-last line has a fold in it. The last line is the steady pour of their names.I have some explaining to do — 5 o’clock meant I would speculate about artichokes (Greek) and the unfarmed mackerel. Anyway, the men would present us with a bed of carrot and potatoes + 1 cup of broth. Our husbandry in sharp mustard suit, laden with trial pieces for the fondue. I would prefer not to. I had such friends —  a long time faring all through the West with my filth and a bouquet of cutlery where I had put it: by me. And yet expansive, the things made by the things I made. And a supervisor hovering behind me. The heaviness of being.I am the Name, Jehovah called from the bush. I had visions of pigeons. And I replied:Here I am to be called Ishmael and beget.tonight ; I started walking back to you father it was meant to be a stroll but then I started walking faster ; father ; I started chanting all the names of all the men I ever went to bed with ; father ; my thighs were burning and my feet were heavy with blood but I kept the pace and chants of names up ; father ; listed them to fence posts and the trees and didn’t stop and started getting younger ; father ; and walked all night till I was home just a spark in your groin again and told you not to bring me back to life ; told you I repented every name and had freed them of me ; fatherShe took the words for a stroll and the words bit the children and the children told their parents and the parents loaded their guns and the words wailed, howled slowly licked their blind wounds until they fell flat on their faces onto the bloody earth and death came then dressed in its Sunday best to stop by the poet’s house and call to him with desperate cries and the poet opened the door not knowing what had happened and he saw death hanging from its shadow and sobbing it told him, “Come with me today we’re in mourning” “Who died,” asked the poet “Well, you,” replied death and death extended its arms to him to offer condolences    Translated from the Spanishbecause my voice was not the right voice and could not be understood I stood before the mirror — a murky glassen word this mouth can’t shape right to this day — and was made to watch my teeth and lips being imprecise. So this is why I come across a Southron and not from Yorkshire, or Sri Lankan; but I’ll complain no more about this clarified and potent tongue for when the moustached gent at US Customs asked me in his hapless twangare you a terrorist, my borrowed posh it sure abashed that poor colonial; and it was of course what my child-face perceived or could not in the glass which made of me a scrutineer of sound, a listener for and into every glitch in the aathma, the script, the avid void of English.I was waiting to try out one of my inventions from the flattop garage roof — parachutes this time —  when I tasted a black cherry from the next yard, wondering even at that age who had prior rights and what was constitutional so instead of  jumping I wrote a brief brief called Yaakov vs. the Tree Trunk where everyone laughed herself crazy at Marlboro vs. Madison or Red Stain vs. the State of New Jersey so bless me you fools for aren’t you mortals? And don’t you bend your body down over the water to taste the ice? And who, in your family, even ever just thought of swallowing a goldfish from the bowl, say, picking up its slippery body, bending your neck back and gulping it down even before they entered law school?I like the blue pill best. Just like a gladiola, its true flower is invisible. The rest is holy. Not like in that Tintoretto where no one knows god is dying, just the usual jingle and squawk from the birdmongers then sudden downpour, a few of the demons dwelling beneath the earth tentatively stir. Not like that. Not tentative. Imploring. The wound tingles. A head of foam forms on the mountain. Into my hand is placed a Mycenaean horse. Into my hand is placed a wax hand. The filament will not break. The fox gets closer. Mint barks. 5% of its life, an ant is active. The rest is holy. Wolfhowl ringtone is holy. Sticking out your tongue in the rearview mirror is holy. Any song that never leaves the lungs, all us animals garlanded and belled.what a saint you are, shining on everything, drawn to the world like flames are to moths, like honey to bees. So readily do you dole yourself out, and in such abundance so that we might operate our otherwise redundant eyes. For they’d be useless even as shiny bibelots that studded the otherwise dull surfaces of faces. No, in your absence, in that total darkness the eyes wouldn’t see or even be seen. And they would soon shrivel up and desiccate, die out from pointlessness like the little toe will (unless we can find a way to reverse its long decline). Hey, plump eyes! Isn’t it time you put your tiny wet hands together for the light!Nowhere in those kerosene years could she find a soft-headed match. The wife crosses over an ocean, red-faced and cheerless. Trades the flat pad of a stethoscope for a dining hall spatula. Life is two choices, she thinks: you hatch a life, or you pass through one. Photographs of a child swaddled in layers arrive by post. Money doesn’t, to her embarrassment. Over time, she grows out her hair. Then she sprouts nerves. The wife was no fool, but neither did she wander. She lives inside a season of thrift, which stretches on. Her sorrow has thickness and a certain sheen. The wife knows to hurry when she washes. When she cooks, she licks spoons slowly. Every night, she made a dish with ground pork. Paired with a dish that was fibrous.Beneath the waver of the dorsal fin lie the blood-shades of lamellae, their skin so close to the vein they breathe, filter, gather, flex, set down in loose and frangible parallels you find in gills of mushrooms, clams, and concertinas. Wave after wave, the tissues of the water breathers conceal what they reveal, according to their vital rhythm. Fins that breathe flit this way, that, in the give-and-take of panic and lust and tropical surge from no one place. To every fish, flesh, nightmare, and song: a private opening and the name it bears. Let us call it tomorrow or lament, the heart of my volitionSpandex leggings authenticating my anaerobic ; exit strategies. Crotch but a bumper sticker in a heretofore-fleeting waterloo. Crunk repentance. I span our doomed alphabet soup like Jane Fonda’s antiwar legs ; in calisthenic videos. My zenith of hair a brown, ; ; wannabe-Fawcett, mean-ole-toucan pupic papa — . He who so feeds on an entire corpus and still starves, helms the colloquium outside the bathroom of transubstantiation.Tonight — a vastly archived Nietzschean nighttime — I anal bleach my humpty- dumpty stigmatas. ; Boys conch with crimson Hollywood carpets that disentangle from their cavities, accustoming their catwalks upon the blood clots of their mamacitas. As twilight uncrowns the shade, ; I howl effluvium, switchblade hue to hue. I plié before the gas cloud lifting jumbo leaves. Like a mythic infantry, the thirsty roaches begin to leatherflock.After Rilke's “Les Fenêtres”    i how much ;loss gains suddenly in emphasis and ;brilliant sadness   iifar from that which lives and turns   iii languages of our vain comings and goings wilt and gnaw   ivbeat them, ; ; ; ; ; ;  punish them for having said and always said   v tear out, finally, ; our spells   vione life pours and grows impatient for another life   vii and the lovers, look on them there, immobile and frail pinned like the butterflies for the beauty of their wings   viiitoo great in the outdoors   ixlike the lyre, you should be rendered a constellationAs grains sort inside a schist An ancient woodland indicator called dark dog’s mercury River like liquid shale And white-tipped black lizard-turds on the blue wall For a loss that every other loss fits inside Picking a mole until it bleeds As the day heaves forward on faked determinations If it’s not all juxtaposition, she asked, what is the binding agent? Creepy always to want to pin words on “the emotional experience” Azure hoplia cockchafer, the caddisworm, the bee-louse, blister beetle, assassin bug The recriminations swarm around sunset When it was otherwise quiet all the way around You who were given a life, what did you make of it?I was hanging with grandparents in a kindergarten and the teacher drew an accordion wall across to keep the children in antigravity class together the grandparents separately graded balloon worksheets sunlight floated in, the grandparents thoughtful about addition, mulling vacationCome here I said to the little one too little to be in class, soft as peachesI want to tell you something and you repeat it back to me next time She toddled over, put her arms up to hug me, we hugged She had stars inside her soul, was visibly celestial beneath her coatMore human than human, got it? I cuddled herOkay, she said, I’m more human than a humanArborvitae    It rises in a Champaign County bog Amid bedstraw and skunk cabbage, Rises out there in an ice age River valley gorged with glacial till, And swills the moraine-filtered rainwater With the wafer ash and honeysuckle. Stalwart, set apart, and biblical —  As if one of that ancient company That gave its coniferous canonical body To the tent that shuttled God Through the wilderness.• They say that cedar and cypress Are the protectors of  bones. You see them from the freeway, standing alone, Statuesque and serious, In the dead middle of and vigilant In beanfields, where farmers used to plant Their families.•Who are you like in your greatness? Consider a cedar of Lebanon, with fair boughs And forest shade, and of great height, Its top among the clouds.not an answer. She leaned into the apple tree, which then was evergreen, to the snake’s hands, sweet flesh, no need to be ashamed. We share and share alike, the peel not loose like night on day, but tight. She took the snake’s hands, diamondbacked, and opened its question. It was the first time she had something to give, what the man couldn’t take, the first time the man said please: please let me have a bite. He found the iron ore and brought it home. He found the coal under the forest and lit it on fire to watch it go so the snake couldn’t catch her if she fell and she couldn’t hold anything but its tongue. Never let the fire go out or else, he warned, and she held on.How many books now have the word Last In their title? Or worry, or some dangling variation Of mistake? Or empire burning, orThe fools have fucked it up? Who the hell listens? They roar and Wriggle, up and down the page, They screen-print what’s coming next — pinups Of blocked streets and stone faces. How many books sling the word doom, Or mimic spotlights or air raid sirens, Regurgitate the Romans, the Kick Down the Door Guys, our genius with the fiery furnace? The quivers, the shakes, the iambic dread, The anger, the insomnia, the slow tic Of the wait, the wail, the transcribed too late, In the manner of those who have gone before us, Geiger counters, clacking the rising damp.The sun time of the year died out and never might return. We made fires big as coffee tables to approximate the sun. I wanted to be a mountain. I wanted us all countless mountains in a detailed painting. Blood is everywhere as always. But now it is blown further and oxygenated for longer. Yet more sad word has come digitally. We contain no blood with which to soften and warm the sad word. Cold wind placed and places the house in its mouth. We met the end numb and almost still. Number meant less motion meant even number meant totally still. The buildings stand still. The buildings still stand. The buildings like the builders take each other by the hand.she at last had permission to use the marble bath for the marble bath she untied a paper bag of periwinkle bath salts & flicked them into the water as though cracking a whip she untied her hair she untidied her hair tested the water with the soft pads of her toes (tips of bladder wrack in the sun) her skin her markings (as for the bath) —  interior-of-Stilton at last underwater she drew breath from every shell collected from every beach later in the evening when dressed for bed she rejoined her brothers & sister & they were each served a portion of the last portionSheila, we speak here on the fly Leaf of a book which was myself ; A good few graves ago. Now I am maintained by other Words for better or for worse ; To whisper my hello. The seasons turn. Threshold on thresh Hold forms continually and falls ; Under grief’s lonely hammer. What did you say? I thought between These fly leaf words I heard you speak ; Out of your Second Summer. The summer chimes and turns its blue Dragon-flying eyes to see ; We two are not afraid. Hello, Sheila, I can hear Your breath on the other side of the word ; And see you turn your head.After twenty years of marriage, we walked out of the bush and on to a rough dirt road we followed till we saw a pond we might be able to get to. The ground was boggy and buzzing. The pond was thick with weed and slime. It was not the sort of pond anyone would swim in, but we did — picking and sliding into the water over the bog and bees, bees we suddenly noticed were everywhere, were settling on our hair as we swam, ducks turning surprised eyes our way. After twenty years of marriage what is surprising isn’t really so much the person you are with but to find yourselves so out of place in this scene, cold but not able to get out without stepping over bees, so many bees.In Homer, the gods take the place of consciousness. For me, it is birds. Gray gulls seen from above, a tan and white pigeon bringing amoral intelligence to the balcony wall. Geoff says they are really getting tough on birds in Brighton. Bringing in a bylaw. I remember his balcony it’s really just the roof of the room downstairs but when you climb out the window you get a view of the sea and the ferris wheel which I believe is gone, or going it was an eyesore all the locals said though I — of course —  thought it was wonderful and the burned-down pier out in the water.You yearn so much you could be a yacht. Your mind has already set sail. It takes a few days to arrive at island pace, but soon you are barefoot on the sand, the slim waves testing your feet like health professionals. You toe shells, sea glass, and odd things that have drifted for years and finally washed up here. You drop your towel and step out of your togs, ungainly, first your right foot, then the other stepping down the sand to stand in the water. There is no discernible difference in temperature. You breaststroke in the lazy blue. A guy passing in a rowboat says, “Beautiful, isn’t it?” And it is. Your body afloat in salt as if cured.End of the day. A bar where you ought to leave a tip. The green bird was saying pretty pretty pretty, loved ones were walking home across the city. I waved at the girl who waves her whip    ...     but please be certain I’m a citizen    ...     I take stuff to the dump    ...    or maybe it’s the tip? I’m where the nitty really meets the gritty. I know I find it hard to listen. I read too much. I often need a drink. It isn’t the world that makes us think, it’s words that we can’t come up with. Sure, I can work up fresh examples and send them off to the committee. But the poetry is in the bird. And in the pretty.After Denise Levertov    Must be a stumbler, bleeder, as some floccus remains here, carded into ragged sleeves by barbed wire. I’d believe in a God who can learn to work new spindles, new pupils uncomprehending the reasons light rosins in winter, and still spill clumsily, bleeding. Now drizzle caught in oily pockets loads the fleece with wealth. I’ve often wondered what the fence keeps out in a country bereft of predators. I long ago reconciled instinctive sympathy for the perfect innocence of animals with an equally ardent carnivory. Arms retreat guilt-free through the widest breach in the garment, having chosen a meal the stauncher faiths call impassible, withdrawing to empty folds. I hope you feel safe when you die.Here’s what I had in mind, kōtiro, this clipping at words like overgrown maikuku —  return the blankets of domestic life; don’t fold washing or wear shoes, polish these rerenga kē. Eh. But this world. I s’pose neither of us planned to be in politics, never did do what others told us to —  wahanui though, go on, get your sedition on girl, your agitator, your defiant speak to each other eye to eye —  Māori been jailed for nouns, phrases; butcher up a clause, get buried in Pākehā kupu, then dig that out like the old people. No one approved of their language either.That was the year we drove into the commune in Cornwall. “Jesus Jim,” mam said, “back up quick they’re hippies.” Through the car window, tents, row after row, flaps open, long-haired men and women curled around each other like babies and the babies themselves wandered naked across the grass. I reached for the handle, ready, almost, to open the door, drop out and away from my sister’s aggressive thighs, Daddy’s slapping hands. Back home in the Dandelion Market I unlearnt the steps my mother taught, bought a headband, an afghan coat, a fringed skirt — leather skin. Barefoot on common grass I lay down with kin.Olive seashells in the air you can eat. The very inner of the inner ear in the breeze. Last night my son dreamt about falling out of trees. I had almost forgotten that we were simians. The fiddlehead turns on itself but only ever in love. Green cinnamon roll, a snake too small to hunt anyone. Curled in like my son’s fingers, his fists. More beautiful than a spider fern, spun-in island, moldy tongue of a hippopotamus, the eye of the forest. When my son wakes up screaming I don’t pick him up right away. I tell him where he is and who I am. At night all the fiddlehead wants to do is sleep. When I sleep I dream about death adders curling around his soft body, all of us making the same kinds of sounds.Just when he thought to loom the backyard for bud & Just when he came to admire, or thought to dote over Already he rues stick-thin arms, whose petals brave the late Whose middles freeze; we’ve gone without All ramose till now, empty skirts anxious to round back for It’s the fourth year lips have gone without any such Already hips full of leaves and none Else, years by last, the lone — it splat behind My back, it came to ache as the rake clawed at We’ve gone into partial burn, without even No matter for bloom, the seasons no longer allow The trouble with doting over blossoms is In a swollen tub of ruth, wanting nothing but hisChorus rumbles constant throughout nightstoried roots curl around obsidianarrowhead dissolved into shaft grooveyou unbuckle the stems from your leg Coda’s systemic sameness & designmonsoon shovels clay onto handpushes up arm, pericardial shift damsits build you prostrate in an office chair Massacre song foundation roll fields hypoxicgrasses scribe a hill slope horripilationa pronghorn horns the air stirs skin cells Unpeel bison hide bundlepiece stem into its chamberpillar a room with red cedar smoke Confusion forms to recall its palms air pushdifferent if not warranted you hear onlypast reflections bounce off the keystone surface:a beast skips on a buttethrown across a wheeling prairieoak shadow outline casts to your interiorwalls angled from captured leaf veins Unmoved trailer homes center scenecottonwoods bend your headyou thumb forward then walkSmall red tin box sealed in shrink-wrap, cut open with pocketknife, pried apart, its goods aerate the office. I pluck white sliced chalky cylinders; let them simmer in my mouth. I exhale peppermint scent through my nose. Cut open the official letter. A map in letters on a white page. My teeth grind mints. Photocopies slightly off alignment, I blur lines. Equations disperse family through land documents, position each generation. I am only fourth in line. Some plots are gumbo after winter thaw. Sections stitched together with extended relatives. This ritual, personal death papers drafted. I am partial to this grassland; the place of deer marks and porcupine quills, ledger extrapolates history. I refold estate document, place it back into its envelope.when it rains it pours the rain it raineth everyday pull up the reins, rayned in by reason, rule, and reverence if the aim is total abject embarrassment of shiny-looking objects tenderly gathered for the pome’s sunset quinceañera a star winked at me btwn the apricot and the cypress 2 crows atop them like a punter on the mizzenmast u better step up your game, havelok by what means of studye and devocyon what is love but a constellation of significances it liked to eat salmon w/ its fingers like a bear and then use those fingers to clean its glasses it cries and it looks like a wolf   I believe it wanted to cultivate this looki was born 
at the rupture the root where 
i split from my parallel self  i split from 
the girl i also could have been 
& her name / easy / i know the story 
all her life / my mother wanted 
a girl named for a flower 
whose oil scents all 
our mothers / 
petals wrung 
for their perfume i was planted 
land became ocean became land anew 
its shape refusing root in my fallow mouth 
cleaving my life neatly 
& my name / taken from a dead woman 
to remember / to fill an aperture with 
cut jasmine in a bowl 
our longing 
our mothers’ 
wilting 
garlands hanging from our necksI am not land or timber nor are you ocean or celestial body, but rather we are the small animals we have always been. The land and the sea know each other at the threshold where they meet, as we know something of one another, having shown, at different times, some bit of flesh, some feeling. We call the showingknowing instead of practice. We seem to say, at different times,A feeling comes. What is the metaphor for two animals sharing the same space?Marriage? We share a practice, you and I, a series of postures. Here is how I become a tree [ ; ; ; ; ;   ] and you [ ; ; ; ; ;   ] a body in space.i be but i don’t is. i been & i am one who be on my own biz. i love not a b____. but see know i been loved. i’m one who been that & then not deserved much cuz i been on my own dirt. i don’t know love. i been a lie but don’t be a lie i be fly sometimes but don’t be a fly sometimes i be addict-like but not high like an addict’s like. just scratching low stones like an addict might. stop? not an option. i be getting mine. been getting over. been over this but be caught in a cycle. but you be what you be & it be good. & i be moved & making new habits.A Deaf Blind poet doesn’t like to read sitting up. A Deaf Blind poet likes to read Braille magazines on the john. A Deaf Blind poet is in the habit of composing nineteenth-century letters and pressing Alt+S. A Deaf Blind poet is a terrible student. A Deaf Blind poet does a lot of groundbreaking research. A Deaf Blind poet is always in demand. A Deaf Blind poet has yet to be gainfully employed. A Deaf Blind poet shares all his trade secrets with his children. A Deaf Blind poet will not stop if police order him to. A Deaf Blind poet used to like dogs but now prefers cats. A Deaf Blind poet listens to his wife. A Deaf Blind poet knits soft things for his dear friends. A Deaf Blind poet doesn’t believe in “contributing to society.”It’s summer, and just the sunniest of afternoons. Outside the sanatorium, in the arboretum, the attendees are served their teas. The strudel is toothsome when Herr Stumpf, from the lectern, contradicts the consensus that I is for ice cream. No, now he’s proposing that I’s for spaghetti, all spaghetti, he avers, being once alphabetti, all spaghetti being once that capital I that it is when it’s dry, not the maddening doodle that it is when it’s done and awry. His audience listen, but once he has spoken, then beneath their applause that’s not fulsome but token, they don’t soften, no rather, they stiffen.War the war, the sorry edge of us, because we stacked nice clean plates for days, we were sure things when love broke across the headland, leaving conch shells in ditches, five fish slapping on the steps of the old town hall, it was winter, we were bonfires unattended, our bodies litigating, agreeing and writing it all down, the law of legs, the law of how we sleep, the law of shoulders killing me, and now we fold clothes without thinking my clothes your clothes and war the war o happy war what love we are so badly bitten in this long-term necessary chapel with all attendant relics, citronella candle, junior hacksaw, a box of miscellaneous wires, our headland way-way underwater, no one else beside us but ourselves beside ourselves.there’s nothing in my face. There is nothing in yours. What we have are called heads. They are nothing unless we kiss. Lips are wonderful. They are full of mechanoreceptors. In the Old World we all used to kiss and kiss. It was then that we did have faces. We had noses and cheeks and foreheads and soft, downy hair. In the New World we stopped kissing. Those who were already here stopped. Those who came stopped. Now there are only four people who have heads that are also faces. They are an artist and three children for whom I have a face other than my hands.Stop playing. You do remember the card tables, Slick stick figures like men with low-cut fades, Short but standing straight Because we bent them into weak display. What didn’t we want? What wouldn’t we claim? How perfectly each surface was made For throwing or dropping or slamming a necessary Portion of our pay. And how could any of us get by With one in the way? Didn’t that bare square ask to be played On, beaten in the head, then folded, then put away, All so we could call ourselves safe Now that there was more room, a little more space?I live a small life, barely bigger than a speck, barely more than a blip on the radar sweep though it is not nothing, as the garter snake climbs the rock rose shrub and the squirrel creeps on bramble thorns. Not nothing to the crows who heckle from the crowns of the last light’s trees winterstripped of green, except for the boles that ivy winds each hour round. See, the world is busy and the world is quick, barely time for a spider to suck the juice from a hawk moth’s head so it can use the moth as a spindle that it wraps in fiber while the moth constricts until it’s thin as a stick you might think was nothing, a random bit caught in a web coming loose from the window frame, in wind.How to get close without going over. How to feign lust for whatever’s on offer. How the largest possible quantity of anything is a lifetime. A lifetime of oat bran. A lifetime of timing belts. A lifetime of saying, sure, why not,i’m only on earth x numberof years, and not knowing what to make x. Sometimes I pick a number I’ve already passed. I remember the gambler’s credo — when you only have fifty bucks left in this world, you’d better get rid of it fast; the last thing you want is money around, reminding you every day of the money you lost. The recommended retirement plan is arabesque, then leap and smash on the seawall. We made a promise not to catch each other.The comet taught us how to watch the war. The comet contended that fire is romantic and recommended we each behold it alone, envisioning out there somewhere our next lover, craning up at this same sky. Was the comet simply endeavoring to keep us divided, I asked it, and the comet did not reply. Then we discovered the men who wanted us dead were convening at night on the site where their hero had been unceremoniously interred. And so we exhumed the guy, burned him up, and fed his ash to the rapids, to be churned into marlstone and mud-rich air. Good thinking. Now he’s everywhere.The hastily assembled angel wanders And has ; through cities centuries of  cities And countries and millennia of  cities And countries and of  women and of men ; there’s No hurry now though he was hurriedly Once brought to being ; and bears the scars of  that Though slowly ; in the Earth ; though slowly he Eventually began to wonder what The hurry had been for ; and if  he could Have been a better angel or have done Better the job he did if once They’d made him the ; other angels had allowed Him to meet God ; for he has been uncertain As people are uncertain he has nev- er been as certain ; as dogs are ; who sniff The wind that moves the curtain ; and see behind the curtainThe hastily assembled angel flies With patchwork wings red patches and white patches And yellow patches blood and emptiness And sun and usually ; an angel’s wings would Be made of  only one of  these ; but his Were made at the last minute and were almost Not made at all and wouldn’t have been made Had Azrael not seen ; in the hastily Assembled angel’s eyes as Azrael Placed his white palm on the hastily assembled Angel’s chest fear ; as Azrael placed his palm there To shove him from the cloud ; and saw he had No wings ; and paused and thought ; then pulled him back And so the angels stitched together what was Near ; blood ; emptiness ; sun ; as what was near Was Heaven ; and what else would Heaven beI have hidden your lost teeth in the net of all my famous hair And with foresight promised your umbilicus To several minor gods. I paid your fee in fawn skin & the lightest fringe of tissue, all the quiet noons assembled, In yard stars & the light of phosphorescent pens, The dioramas that it takes to fill lacunae, in ancestral knots That tell the story of our humble people: watchmakers, Mainly, ventriloquists & scholars of quintessence, Amateur lifeguards I meant to surpass. How I loved My green & distant futures! But I love you more From late Holocene out to the farthest buoy, unto Blackmail & a verb that means renouncing Christ Or else describes the path of sap before it’s amber, Before it dimples, just a little, to collect —After Thomas Hardy    The milkmaids say Pray for their speech is reserved,fixed here in circles of opalized light. Presenting themselves without fancy or choicechapped hands on the full udder’s verge, y’know — cream-skinned, gathering toad spume on skirtsrelentlessly cracking the snails underfoot — a century later & more their compeers bow headsto these luminous fields made of ether, of blue & extravagant air, calling up with the samenimble fingers their ciphered familiars, girl-souls at large in a nonhuman hour.Speaking their argot & screen-practiced moue. Not to you, with your paper, your man-heavy shoes,untouched by the mulch of the digital yard! They only gaze rapt at threshold, milk spilled.No purchase for you here, Sir, & no clue —Poor devil, dog six years on a tether clipped to a cubby box. The sun dropped into a slot on one side & after a dark spell popped up on the other. Birds of a weather chattered along wires overhead & the yards around shrilled emergencies. Who knew? Once upon afternoon a dust demon spins itself up in the master’s tumbleweed to his match scratch: puff: mega blaze & four hours’ ruckus until doused out. I’ll bask three days in wonders. I’ll slobber & yawn. I’ll gnaw & grunt in my groin to my heart’s content. They say death changes a body’s mind about things. Master shuts up & just rots.yesterday I was at the Wailing Wall pretending to be a man, pretending to be a Jew it was research for my job still I tried to feel God, touched the Wall said a prayer for my sick mother the women go to one side the men to the other the rest of us float and bobble like space trash around the corner is the empty co-ed wall no one prays before the genderless stones they smell the concession the gay rabbi said Jerusalem has been conquered forty-four times I walk with the men, stolen yarmulke in my hand past the dancing bar mitzvah boys on the other side of the fence their mothers throw hard candies at themToo hot torest, I tossmy arms off the bed. My night-gown wet withsweat. I feel you — a sack ofscavenged skullson my chest — sippingthe salt frommy breasts. Imp. Incubus. Im-pulse. You andme like a mare that must bebroken inby breaking in- to. Tamed ishow fire isby giving itself something to destroy:it destroys it-self. But who can deter-mine what’s insideanother? What is riskedwhen we enter    ...    Caliper. Forceps. Scalpel. Oculus.Perhaps you’rethe wilderness that waits with-in me. Perhaps another mystery, I open beneathyou. Yoked. Harnessed.Paralyzed. At once a-wake and a-sleep. I nay. I knockover the kerosenelamp. Light of the rationalmind snuffed. Shadowof shadows. Because I can’tsee, I sense.Your thumb thrummingmy mouth. Acommand. Arch- angel. Visionof invasion.Insemination. My horseheart beatingwith yours.Anything can be a bird if you’re not careful. I should say something nice about the weather. I should be in awe of the living, but the world dulls when I step into it. The squirrels scatter, the branches lift. Sure, I’ve hurt the ones I’ve loved by not paying attention. Not alone — never alone is a lesson I need to understand. It was you who said that. It’s you still. You who says, Look! You who points to the sky. You who tilts my chin toward the heron, who cups the minnow in your hands, who spots the deer miles ahead, who dulls the world with your absence. You who says, Look! & when I look, you are gone, replaced by the whitetail’s hind legs, fading into the bush.Honey-sweet song 
—Pindar    Standing, leaning, with both long- clawed paws she rips punk wood out of a tree with a high hollow to get at her cause inside—her sharp brute parentheses tear at the living humming word. The honey the tree has helped the bees hide has drawn her near with its scent. Forcing the issue, she’s heavy, off-balance, intent. Flying defenders of the sweet they’ve produced and on which they and their larvae depend, the bees swarm her nose, her eyes, her tongue, her plan, often they trace with their hovering the lying-down eight of infinity before they sting and fall mortally self-wounded. Yet always in this valor they fail to defend—and who can succeed?— the whole history of poetry.I must be the heavy globe of hydrangea, always bowing by summer’s end. Must be salt, like sadness at a burning city, an ethical disobedience. I must be a violet thorn of fire. These days I don’t taste good, but I must be singing and boneless, a lily. I must beg for it, eyes flashing silver as a fish. Must be a rosary of listening. This is how I know to love. I must hide under desks when the forecast reads: leaves red as meat, sleeping lions, chandelier of bone, moon smooth as a worry stone. I must want my life and fear the thin justice of grass. Clouds hunt, wound the rising tide. I must be paradised. On my knees again.Father Lear the king so shaped his bairns with the wand’s upper hand the fire’s swanny wing smooth tippet of the spider In the very kingdom of herbs and servants he shaped them from peace vessels of the animals from toil of the flesh from milk horses and the birds of sighed mercy and the tongue undone He shaped his bairns in night’s long harm and in day’s bright psalter in the seven courts of the north and with the mild birch of the paternoster From his ploughing fields and his sweat his toothèd heart and his waxing wit Father Lear the king shaped his bairns for good or ill ; ; this he did... who spoke late echolalic, then in similes, by the lake, where the sticks were her long mosquitoes, her lava pyramid brown rice.Got a crush on a suffix, giggled, blushed, at every -tion. And there were many, in conversation, flirting with her. Pre-dejection. Pseudoabstraction.As she grew into orchestration, a white sport coat and a pink carnation, crenellation, inhalation— had I known too much lamentation?I, who have lived isolation, seen sun as lion, its mane’s diffusion; offered her a turnip moon, close-shaven. Parental anomaly, weird shared ions. A word-prescription. A nerve-ending infatuation.I’m blessed she’s the termination of me, last blood relation. Daughter, if you follow land to its suffix, there’s ocean, which I know your toes, bare, still-growing, slim, will never shun.Who cares about the redbud tree, its flowers half-black, half-pink, from winter’s April freeze; who cares who lives halfway or dies too soon, the blue jay’s baby squirming on bare ground, the agonies of blood, the frigid breeze shaking the fragile sense of April showers; who cares who craves the heated pools of June, the lake of boaters buzzing by or drowned. Two vultures meet me at my open door, scanning for carrion, the stink of spasms, the sky-gods pecking rotting flesh for food; who cares if this strange order ends in good, or if the chickadee lands in the chasms of endless carelessness forevermore.[ Johnny Pep, P.O.W. ]    When they flang me down that hole I clawed for home— When they sealed the seam with clay : sucked roots and ore— When my gut would grind would groan of lack I ’voked some meat— When I was blindered underground I seen our creek— When stench would stain the mind the mind would branch— When I got stripped & roped to stand for sleep I reined my hoss— When cane-straps flogged us cross the field we’d call a tune— ( When rows of welts ( still ) grave the mind the mind will climb. )The story tells us Sisyphus is being punished. Over and over he has to push that boulder up and up. The mountain and God glaring. And you, you have your avalanche of moods. Pills the size of stars to nearly quell cascade and tumult. And still you step gravity amplified by incline, each hazard in the way of the boulder a reminder it should be easier. There should be a hot fudge sundae at the top. A long nap in the shade. The story forgot to tell us, though, Sisyphus thrived. He learned to guide his wrists and shoulder girdles safely to protect himself. And later he worked to safeguard every insect from here to the crest. Considers this his calling. Even as the sun and the weight of time bears down. Your strength is kingly.On this night ; ;    I remember Nachshon ; ;    who was not Moses who ; ; ; ; ; walked into the Red Sea ; ; ; ; ; and called for God ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; to meet him there On this night ; ;    I am only a body and you ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; are only a body On this night ; ; ; ; ; nothing is hidden ; ; ; ; ; only the afikomen On this night ; ; ; ; ; God was here and I ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; I knew itI hate how I can’t keep this tremor inside, this mute matter of being made extant, this shiver in being, in no not-being, this wild flying up from the inner surge and this crack in the apparatus espied around the corner from my particular warble, this quiver of dissolution in the pool of no single thing, this break in the entity of the single, of not a mistake in being made, this suffering of trying to contain the infinite in language, this refusal inextricable from its mass; this love, love of love, this being only in your presence, this inability not to err, rather the constitution of my broken image caressed by this, this permission to submerge, this bigger and bigger being, tremor of infinite allowances, this telos of cataloging that which can never be disappeared.For Juan Felipe Herrera    In the town of frijoles, men eat their meals without washing their hands, wanting to bless their mothers’ food with soil from the fields. In the town of frijoles, boys beat on hollow pots, the last wiping of their sides with a piece of tortilla as holy a moment as taking the wafer in church. In the town of frijoles, women undress to keep their babies warm, stories whispered into bald heads revealed as poems decades later, when it is early. In the town of frijoles, old men cry for their fathers and mothers, tombstone ranches dotting the night moon where the pinto aromas extend beyond the bowl of the sun.In the other world we use other words, painting them with water on the desert’s sidewalk under • unwaver ing / the / sky’s gaze, meant to be eaten up immediate ly by our nearest star: we know we’re brief, a flash of the magnesium bulb’s Lichtenberg lace or in the hardpan land we inhabit, unwilling / it’s / to unloosen • Edenic ancestry to us, to unearth / un couth / the • treasure which lies (we believe) like an ocean of luminous fish with their wayfinder’s lanterned faces beneath us, sufficiently gilded to wake the dead  ’s memory of what they no longer own: a form for the nation-state to take, to write its penal colony’s penalties upon, or hold, same as we hold our own souls, which wager against us as soon as they’re able.Exodus is a traffic jam, and traffic jams are dangerous. Ahead of us, armed with sticks and rakes, a child’s brigade does battle on this doomed track hourly blown to dust. To occupy themselves, they race a tank. Dust is faster. Tattered surveillance blimps yank against steel tethers over the saltlick plain. The road goes boom again. The flimsy means by which we try to distance war don’t matter anymore. Disguise your car, your hair, take to the air, stare down on the terrible mirror of the ground where those who didn’t qualify for tickets to the sky wave goodbye, goodbye.If you go to bed hungry, your soul will get up and steal cold rice from the pot. Stop playing with fire before the moon rises or you’ll pee in your sleep. Sweeping the floor after dark sweeps wealth and good fortune out the door. Fork dropped: a gentleman will visit. Spoon: a bashful lady. Bathing after you’ve cooked over a hot stove makes the veins swell. For safe passage to the guest who leaves mid-meal: turn your plate. The adage goes: coffee stunts growth. Twelve grapes on New Year’s: the opposite. Advice from the learned: hide a book under your pillow. Never step on. Never drop. Every rice grain that remains on your plate you’ll meet again on the footpath to heaven. You’ll have to stoop to pick each one of them up.end- and be-any, make ends hour, at the end on my haze, elf’s well that ends well, at a fair end, an end as itself, any good must come to an end, tie is loose ends, end on the line, defanging on the end, end as sight, coming to a man end, end as took, hour a terrible end, to end on the ticks, team end, on the semiotics end, light at the end of the tunnel, choking both ends, does the end justify the bound, short end on the brand, know which end is is, now-end, toss-end, you haven’t heard the end on it, follow me to the ends.I fear dispersal but the resounding really sounds may be full of echo or echolocation for the next round Eye rowed in the guest book of God my many sacred tongues body and bow Fingers spell now all the spaces I open You now verse now open oh pen Cacti quiver for a century In the desert I swam myself earthword to know No time on earth and no breath no dearth Hollowed out into architecture eternal Who argues with rhyme or snow Who knows the space in your here The space in the storm so finely bowed The space in snow no one nearsWith “Waltzing Matilda,” funnel web spiders, and echidnas out of the way, you move on to the villanelle. The alien learns quickly, and soon the rhyme scheme and refrain are being applied to whatever it encounters: moonlight filling a green bucket by the door, a dog’s tooth in furniture, the sound of a nail gun. You go to bed and dream of planets disappearing like balls in a perfect snooker clearance. In the morning you find the walls papered with villanelles, each one signed by what appears to be a bar code. When you scan one with your phone, the screen lights up with footage of a satellite flyby through the heliosphere, trailing the sound of whale song, children crying, sustained applause, and Blind Willie Johnson’s “Dark Was the Night, Cold Was the Ground.”What did they desire, the dead who had returned? The sons who had inherited their estates pretended not to know them. The iron gates were welded shut, but soon the dead had learned to hire lawyers practiced in the laws that bound the afterlife to lesser gods. The angels thundered on like piston rods, denying their gold wings to either cause. The city streetlamps flared like learnèd ghosts. The moon turned red. Beneath a scrim of clouds, Spanish moss draped the myrtle trees like shrouds— in politics the guests became the hosts. Those days made angels of the better sort. The cases languished in a lower court.Grain by grain, salt’s frozen tears Help me count history’s disasters I can’t blame salt for telling foodYou’re full of wounds Salt misses the freedom of the ocean Remembering waves, salt jumps into a soup But it finds there only my reflected face It hides by making itself too soft to chew Sometimes, salt follows a cold sweat Waking me from a nightmare Dreamed blood tastes like salt As if in human failure lay the silence of God Having swum in the ocean Salt considers soup a shallow pond For salt, every meal is a jail One day, an extra salty flavor Makes me cough and cough It feels like cold fish bones scraping my throat Maybe it’s salt telling meI’m going to prison in your body Don’t ever forget who I am!I’ve never seen pigeons argue I only see them soar I don’t know if a pigeon is naïve or worldly I just know it has no past to make it toil through life Maybe they’re the tongues of the air Lazily expressing cars’ sighs Maybe they’re lined up on the roof Vying to perform snow’s wedding One day I stick my head out the window And realize their nation is the act of soaring Soaring makes my silence meaningless Thank god, they’ve taught me how to talk about nations! Standing under a flock of pigeons, I think ohPeople aren’t even worth one flower blooming toward them  Translated from the ChineseThe heart, the surgeon says, does not reveal the small rifts, the hairline cracks which split the hairline cracks they conceal cops and robbers in a stretch of skin flaunting star-scars with show of blood bone the ledges of what it holds tight in checkmate moves: bend this and break fight first and bleed to earn needle  finger  wrap  caress  balm the salvation of sight   Behold what beauty lasts, what outlasts itself    The curtain calls the ovation    Seize the beginning that ends this way: off center stage above fractured ribs the heart succumbs in silence All is dark. Listen ; a kommos sung solo It is too late to repair anything.In praise of all that is honest, call upon the acrylic tips and make a minaret out of a middle finger, gold-dipped and counting. In the name of Filet-O-Fish, pink lemonade, the sweat on an upper lip, the backing swell and ache of Abdul Basit Abdus Samad on cassette tape, a clean jump shot, the fluff of Ashanti’s sideburns, the rice left in the pot the calling cards and long waits, the seasonal burst of baqalah-bought dates. Every time they leave and come back alive. Birthmarks shaped like border disputes. Black sand. Shah Rukh’s dimples, like bullets taking our aunts back to those summer nights, these blessings on blessings on blessings. Give me the rub of calves, rappers sampling jazz, the char of frankincense and everything else that makes sense in a world that don’t.Like the time I dreamt about a loon family, just some common loons—not metaphors in any way, just real loons in a lake swimming near each other so it was clear they were a set, preferring each other’s company in the cold still lake with its depth of reflected pines. The curve of their black heads and sleek necks, black and white stripes then checks on their folded wings, floating so low atop their reflections they almost seem inside them. Their wails like wolves, their calls like an echo without origin, their calls like an echo of lake, or what makes lake lake. How nice to think the male and female loons cannot be told apart by their plumage and that they build a nest and sit on eggs together. One of their calls is called “tremolo.”The hastily assembled angel thinks He must be more like God than people are Especially because he like God can’t Choose to be less like God ; he tilts his chair Back his brown metal folding ; chair on its Back legs and lifts ; first his right leg and then His left ; onto the wolf-sized rock he’s using As his desk ; while the great flood floods the plains The valleys and the forests far below him And the mountains ; eventually his mountain Eventually his right ; leg on the rock His left crossed over at the ankles WantingTo be like God he thinks must be the wrong way To be like God ; who doesn’t want to be Like anything ; but I don’t want To be like GodFirst the people had to invent ladders. No one had ever seen a ladder. Once they had ladders they invented walls to climb over. Soon they realized it took two ladders to climb a wall. One to climb up one side—one to climb down the other. People would ascend one side of the wall, descend the other side of the wall, and then walk away, leaving the ladders behind. That is why there are so many ladders in the world. The ladders are picked up and stored in an enormous warehouse. Scientists have proposed attaching all the ladders, one on top of the other, creating an elevator into outer space. Some people want to destroy all the ladders. Others want to destroy the walls. Others say that someday we are going to need all the ladders in the world.Based on the Chinese myth of Chang’e    Saturday. The good bread set out for the dogs to eat.The rabbit hurt on milk & tall willows that I’ve bound to storefront. The headlines saythe waves are coming in today. The waves & spoiled fruit & all the lives I’ve wastedplaying archer. At least this side of the kingdom will still love me. I pull the weeds. I pull the tides& storm the shores. The rabbit drops its mouth into a crater. The waves overtake the red citywith spears in hand. June & the headlines announce the end of the world. I am terribleat playing heroine. I’ve done all I can: plucked the apples, swept the chimney. Washed the rabbit,saved the tortoise from its slow drowning.After Mohamad Zatari    Ooze, oud. Ease hearts whose eyes sink low. Be hourglass in the pillaged O—. Be wells none see. Unstoppered tears, O oud, we gather in your bowl. O ladle of ores, scoop ink here now seeping from the foreigner, be sighs, O oud, and cloven aches in the dark of millions of ears. Be gift for famished wails and wakes to lacks and flares and tented stakes, the lonely outer sounds of sleeves eating wind and drowning faces. The oud’s a lovely ark that leaks with tales and bromides we can’t keep, and miles of ghosts before their sleep. And miles of ghosts beneath our sleep.I was someone in the distance who never got closer. I lived in the past, so the present was my future. When I shook hands, I dissolved into a mirror where I tended my reflection of features so faint my mother strained to see them. I was the rind, the zest, a heart marooned in the guest of a friend in the back row of a twelve-step room. I confessed to the priest in his box, suppressed the north, south, east, and west desires that pull men over the moon. I crooned the self-help tune that every glance is a gift, every second chance a first, the suicide fence on the tall bridge a positive thing for those crawling the walls.Dear sip, dear shotgun, dear pound: beneath the house, the kegs roll in; the party flips its switches down. When drunk comes, it comes as sound, a chord, a liftoff. I ride the rim, dear sip, dear shotgun, dear pound. He could be anyone, and he abounds. I slip inside a dance with him. The party flips its switches down.Let’s go, he says, upstairs now. My cup spills. My shirt is skin. Dear sip, dear shotgun, dear pound, I won’t. Get lucky. Get found. But kegs run out, the hour brims, the party flips its switches down, his hips to mine, his arms around, a song ends, and dark begins— dear sip, dear shotgun, dear pound, the party flips its switches down.?) Let every sentence begin: I have been grossly mistaken.The stars are gone. Kirk: Kindly tell me what happened to the stars. Kierkegaard shuttles past Reason to planet Absurd, a gas giant without a detectable landing pad. He says, it’s the leap that matters.We’re being pulled toward the center of the zone of darkness. Kenosis required, emptying the self of self. His sky lit, mine blazes black, an experimental physics. Doubt the gravity that repels, attracts. Dark energy : Dark matter : Attempt to probe : Universe [Static]. Neil deGrasse Tyson: we are a speck on a speck on a speck on a speck.before cameras could remember color, back when the paint had not yet dried on the world, and where was the fire? Everywhere under their feet a patchy shining and nothing tall standing plumb on either side of the street,canted saplingsand slow zigguratsin brick,everything splayed away from ;the kids   who wreck,who make ; ; ;  these pictures. Their defenseless foreheads, the wet paving. Each cuts their eyes at the adult who kneels, who stares through a black birdhouse. Their hurry does blur some things on their way into the box: blousing coats and bobbed hair, hungry auras. And something without fail also is tucked in the arm’s right angle: a ball, an orange, an infant’s skull. They could not strive more furiously if it were an infant’s skull.Glitz girls in the spackle. Teen climbed The boughed over stair. Stole lace to begin again In darkness, a fingering salt. Print Delighted the line to lined Pink. Was doll-sized, weighted out. Was flat-reaped sigh And dollar bin plaid. Fridays we stayed in Till in coughed through with dry heat. Men Grew approximate in their longing for something to mine. Sippy cup of burn, acrylic camel, and melting kohl Was a hiding past boyish. We shone with miraculous Droll. Don’t try to kiss me, she was always saying. Older Than a watch, the girl who pays starch to hush Meat. Gargantuan between grown and still us, I leave her orange street, my wanting odeA cloud spelled out a rune I couldn’t read fast enough before it morphed into another form that changed again, so I recited something true enough from an ancient book: “The wind blows to the south and turns to the north; round and round it goes.” The screen went blank and then the slip. No matter, I thought, I’ll drive a truck. “The clouds are codes for reading the blues,” I said beneath my breath as I walked out into the rain with my umbrella and attitude that kept me lean if un- employed. A hermit thrush reported the dusk somewhere in the woods on my way home and I called back like a human bird who’d lost his wings: “Light’s such a fickle thing but I sing for it.”; ;90th and Third, NYC    We almost missed him, although his face, As blunt as a busy Picasso, all shifting Planes, was wedged in a picture frame.   We almost missed him, the way one can stop Seeing hunched-over bodies along the street Or a favorite picture above the sofa In the living room, so familiar it seems Invisible, until it has drifted askew Or been removed.  "If only he had something More contemporary," my companion offered. The man in the frame extended his crushed Paper coffee cup, fingers hugging its Greek Pillars and statues, white and blue. "Spare any change?" he asked.  I brought Forth a quarter.  His eyes, brilliant, saidI am a masterpiece.  This is where I live.And what about this boulder, knocked off the moutaintop and tumbled down a thousand years ago to lodge against the streambank, does it waste itself with worry about how things are going to turn out? Does the current slicing around it stop itself mid- stream because it can't get past all it's left behind back at the source or up in the clouds where its waters first fell to earth? And these trees, would they double over and clutch themselves or lash out furiously if they were to discover what the other trees really thought of them? Would the wind reascend into the sky forever, like an in-drawn breath, if it knew it was fated simply to sweep the earth of windlessness, to touch everything and keep nothing and be beheld by no one?...and a decrepit handful of trees. —Aleksandr Pushkin And I matured in peace born of command, in the nursery of the infant century, and the voice of man was never dear to me, but the breeze’s voice—that I could understand. The burdock and the nettle I preferred, but best of all the silver willow tree. Its weeping limbs fanned my unrest with dreams; it lived here all my life, obligingly. I have outlived it now, and with surprise. There stands the stump; with foreign voices other willows converse, beneath our, beneath those skies, and I am hushed, as if I’d lost a brother.Night is a cistern. Owls sing. Refugees tread meadow roads    with the loud rustling of endless grief.    Who are you, walking in this worried crowd.    And who will you become, who will you be    when day returns, and ordinary greetings circle round. Night is a cistern. The last pairs dance at a country ball.    High waves cry from the sea, the wind rocks pines.    An unknown hand draws the dawn’s first stroke.    Lamps fade, a motor chokes.    Before us, life’s path, and instants of astronomy.The four am cries of my son worm through the double foam of earplugs and diazepam. The smoke alarm’s green eye glows. Beneath the cries, the squirm and bristle of the night’s catch of fiddlebacks on the glue-traps guarding our bed. Necrotic music. Scored in my head. And all night columns of ants have tramped through the ruins of my sleep, bearing the fipronil I left for them home to their queen. Patriot ants. Out of republics endlessly perishing. If I can hold out long enough, maybe my wife will go. If she waits long enough, maybe he’ll go back down on his own.Afternoon darkens into evening. A man falls deeper and deeper into the slow spiral of sleep, into the drift of it, the length of it, through what feels like mist, and comes at last to an open door through which he passes without knowing why, then again without knowing why goes to a room where he sits and waits while the room seems to close around him and the dark is darker than any he has known, and he feels something forming within him without being sure what it is, its hold on him growing, as if a story were about to unfold, in which two characters, Pleasure and Pain, commit the same crime, the one that is his, that he will confess to again and again, until it means nothing.How those fires burned that are no longer, how the weather worsened, how the shadow of the seagull vanished without a trace. Was it the end of a season, the end of a life? Was it so long ago it seems it might never have been? What is it in us that lives in the past and longs for the future, or lives in the future and longs for the past? And what does it matter when light enters the room where a child sleeps and the waking mother, opening her eyes, wishes more than anything to be unwakened by what she cannot name?The Minister of Culture goes home after a grueling day at the office. He lies on his bed and tries to think of nothing, but nothing hap-pens or, more precisely, does not happen. Nothing is elsewhere doing what nothing does, which is to expand the dark. But the minister is patient, and slowly things slip away—the walls of his house, the park across the street, his friends in the next town. He believes that nothing has finally come to him and, in its absent way, is saying, “Darling, you know how much I have always wanted to please you, and now I have come. And what is more, I have come to stay.”It had been a long day at the office and a long ride back to the small apartment where I lived. When I got there I flicked on the light and saw on the table an envelope with my name on it. Where was the clock? Where was the calendar? The handwriting was my father’s, but he had been dead for forty years. As one might, I began to think that maybe, just maybe, he was alive, living a secret life somewhere nearby. How else to explain the envelope? To steady myself, I sat down, opened it, and pulled out the letter. “Dear Son,” was the way it began. “Dear Son” and then nothing.I was stretched out on the couch, about to doze off, when I imagined a small figure asleep on a couch identical to mine. “Wake up, little man, wake up,” I cried. “The one you’re waiting for is rising from the sea, wrapped in spume, and soon will come ashore. Beneath her feet the melancholy garden will turn bright green and the breezes will be light as babies’ breath. Wake up, before this creature of the deep is gone and everything goes blank as sleep.” How hard I try to wake the little man, how hard he sleeps. And the one who rose from the sea, her moment gone, how hard she has become—how hard those burning eyes, that burning hair.Consider the rip for a mouth, the rip in the crotch, the hank of hair,consider the flair for ill-fortune, the empty stare, the done deal with sorrow, the rich and rare nest-egg of dreams, the share and sharealike in matters of loss, the payments in kind, the liking for blindbets, for truth or dare; consider the threadbare get up, the make-upbeyond repair, the tin-tack teeth, consider the dungeon voicewanting nothing more than bare house-room, and nothing less than hand-in-glove, a pigeon pair given over to make and mend, to touch and go, to wear and tear, and all it takes is this: forswear  flint and fire, stay silent, be white on white, live in dead air.Light was on its wayfrom nothingto nowhere.Light was all business ;   Light was full speedwhen it got interrupted.Interrupted by what?When it got tangled upand brokeinto opposite ;  broke into brand new things. ; ; What kinds of things? ;  Drinking Cup ; ;    “Thinking of you! ; ; ; ; ; Convenience Valet”How could speed take shape? ; ; ; ;   *Hush!Do you want me to start over? ; ; ; ;   *    The fading laser pulse ;   Information describing the fading laser pulseis stored ;   is encodedin the spin statesof atoms.God is balancing his checkbook ;   God is encrypting his account.This is taking forever!Thin gruel, shallow graves, whiskey watered down,the ne’er-do-well and good-for-nothing crowdof cornerboys and gobshites were amongArgyle’s manifold perturbations.Worse still, the episcopal vexations: their excellencies, eminence and graces,red-cassocked dandies and mitered wankers,the croziered posers in their bishoprics with their Easter duties and Peter’s pence,their ledgers full of mortal, venial sins—keepers of the till and tally, bankersof indulgences and dispensations;their bulls and bans and excommunications,nothing but contumely and bamboozles.For all their vestiture, rings and unctions,preaching to bishops, like farting at skunks, was nothing but a mug’s game to the sin-eater,so in earshot of them mum is what he kept. Still, he thought there might be something to it:a life apart from this life where the soulslong dead and gone were neither dead nor gone.Some days he felt so happily haunted,by loving ghosts and gods upholding him.Some days he felt entirely alone.The Oldest Love Poem(For Susan)    Back from Istanbul, she gives to methe photograph she took insidethe Archaeological Museum’sblue tiled hush, of a tabletcarved in terra cotta from Nippur,written in Sumerian.Delicate etches, a lift of riverbedwhere the summer waters ranglistened on this piece of earththe earnest working hand,a pause between the lines to contemplatecedars’ ornate overhangingleaf-work become inseparablefrom the carving.  Maybe reading sky,reading wind, or tree soundsbeside the sound of clayshaped to carry a human mark.Maybe it says ;we are so elegantin our exchange that looking at each otherthe trees whisper their contented greenacross any distance to be herebranches heat-satiatedfull in our veins of holdingNo one has touched me for weeksyet in this drugged, gilt afternoon, late,when nothing is safe, I’m paralyzed,as though so wildly desired—passing solo through the garden’scinnamon, marigolds, famished roses, where a matted shingleof the swept-up human hair I begged from a local beauty shop& spread out fruitlessly among the blooms & canesto keep away the deer might well be a satyrpassed out in the palace’s candied gold—that something regnant with a strange, godlike powercould not help but reach out from the umbral blueto tap my white arm. It is a day to die,the light autoerotic, theatrical, with an unbearable listing,stalled in cusp, in leonine torpor. Is courage artifice?As though to answer were within my means.Or to even move my mouth.I wake to light jackhammering, and newsfollows: a planefailed over the sea. All want to go home, but drastic curfewsobtain from a meridian. ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   * ;* ;*We are a long way from a sea that cedesblack boxes from an areaforested as the Andes. Instead, a Mercedes,black as La Brea,leaps from the backlit red, anonymous,when we try to crossat the traffic island discarding hibiscuswith every wind-toss. ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   * ;* ;*We are a long way from the courteous lilacor waxwingwith sensitive feather tipped as a kayakis tipped by a coxswain.The optimists among ustaking heart because it is springskip alongattending their meetingssigning their e-mail petitionsmarching with their satiric signssinging their we shall overcome songsposting their pungent twitters and blogsbelieving in a better worldfor no good reasonI envy themsaid the old womanThe seasons go round theygo round and aroundsaid the tulipdancing among her friendsin their brown bed in the sunin the April breezeunder a maple canopythat was also dancingonly with greater motionscasting greater shadowsand the grasshardly stirringWhat a concertoof good stinks said the dogtrotting along Riverside Drivein the early spring afternoonsniffing this way and thathow gratifying the cellos of the riverthe tubas of the trafficthe trombonesof the leafing elms with the legatoof my rivals’ piss at their feetand the leftover meat and greasesinging along in all the wastebasketsI have met people who, asked after their names, shyly—as if they had no title to an appellation all to themselves— replied “Fräulein Christian” and added: “like the first name,” they wanted to make it easy for the other, not a difficult name like “Popiol” or “Babendererde”— “like the first name”—please, don’t burden your memory overmuch! I have met people who grew up in a single room with their parents and four brothers and sisters, and studied at night with their fingers in their ears at the kitchen table, and grew up to be beautiful and self-possessed as duchesses— and innerly gentle and hard-working as Nausicaa, clear-browed as angels. I have often asked myself and never found an answer whence kindness and gentleness come, I don’t know it to this day, and now must go myself.How often now, raging weeping for the dayslove gives then takes away, takes from youthe slightly chapped hand laid on the oneyou’re pointing at a tree, and the voice that breathes coffeeberry bush into your mouth.  The finger that taps and feathers your earbut the giggle’s gone before you turn around.The sandalwood scent hanging in the room,the auburn strand like a flaw in the porcelain,the off-course nail clipping in the carpet.The days eat into your stomach, knife youwith longing for relief from lovethat you cannot leave or leave alone,from its rings of fire where you won’tburn down to ash or be transformed.You become them, and they keep burningand have a coffeeberry voice. ; ; Listen how ; ; ; ; their rhymes sing ; ; ; ; ; ; the little deaths you live.Here at the wolf’s throat, at the egress of the howl,all along the avenue of deer-blink and salmon-kickwhere the spider lets its microphone downinto the cave of the blackberry bush—earth echo,absence of the human voice—wait herewith a bee on your wrist and a fly on your cheek,the tiny sun and tiny eclipse.It is time to be grateful for the breathof what you could crush without thought,a moth, a child’s love, your own life.There might never be another chance.How did you find me, the astonished mother saysto her four-year-old boy who’d disappearedin the crowds at the music festival.I followed my heart, he shrugs,so matter-of-fact you might not seebehind his words(o hover and feed, but not too long)the bee trails turning to ice as they’re flown.March 29, 2010    Every morning since the time changedI have woken to the dawn chorusAnd even before it sounded, I dreamed of itLoud, unbelievably loud, shameless, raucousAnd once I rose and twitched the curtains apartExpecting the birds to be pressing in frightAgainst the pane like passengersBut the garden was empty and it was nightNot a slither of light at the horizonStill the birds were bawling through the mistsTerrible, invisibleA million small evangelistsHow they sing: as if each had pecked up a smoldering coalTheir throats singed and swollen with song In dissonance as befits the dark worldWhere only travelers and the sleepless belongGrowing up, I barely knew the Bible, but readand reread the part when Cain drifted eastor was drawn that way, into a place of desolation, the land of Nod, there to begin, with a wife of unknown origin, another race of men,under the mark of God. As a boy, I thought Nod would be a place where the blue scillas would bloom gray, a country of the rack and screw, the serrated sword, where the very serving cups were bone. As a grown man, I’ve heard that Nod never was a nation—of Cain’s offspring, or anyone—but a mistranslation of “wander,” so Cain could go wherever, and be in Nod. Far more than in God, I believe in Cain, who destroyed his own brother, and therefore in any citycould have his wish, and be alone.Sometimes the rain shinesJust when the sun reigns,And that was the way it isBeyond those French doorsThat late afternoon hereIn this mind’s early eveningWhere they still fade inThat cool color Polaroid,Pastel shades of her prom dress,A bowl of double peonies,Promising, precocious,Trying, trying to open. ; ; ; ; ;  •Their friend and he were tightTight-rope walkers, self-taughtTaut-trope-talkers, stalkingJamb-up, arm-in-armAnd caroling to lucky starsTheir bars and rebars,The night a carouselOf tryst and troth, Of casual carousals,Cocky arousals,Pitching the dark to the dark.(Streetlight and moth,Reader, she married both.) ; ; ; ; ;  ﻿•But then there he was,In the morning’s mourning,Soi-disantProustian mignon,Aesthetic asceticAnd Kansas rubeReducing his thoughtTo a bouillon cubeThat no one hot Ought ever pore over.How many times I have providedFor your death; the apple turned one wayThen the other, an arrangement made, The softer ground. To hold your head As if this mattered, to say what I thinkEssential into your ear,To watch the eye look everywhere to findWhat it does not know it looks for.To fasten you down in the one placeWhere no one can say anything more,Being nothing else but breath leaving,While the man with the needle stands byUntil the signal of how it is time. To believeI know what will happen next; to leave the hill As the body stiffens; to pass each blossomOf blood in the snow as if I understood All I was capable of.As for her, the circumstances must be ordinaryAnd so the return. Door unlocked. The path mowed Right to the oiled gate; the pasture Cleared of stone and alder. All untouchedEnough to enter. The man or woman Off down the valley or working aboveTreeline. No other sound but a few strays Hurrying through the dusk as if the endWill begin, certain and with nothingMore to say. She does not know she does not know. Having come back to find her kindAnd none being left she took herself up Into a tree unclear what to do next save onlySing the song she wanted sung back to her.; ; ; ; ;  LAUDSSomehow I am sturdier, more shorethan sea-spray as I thicken throughthe bedroom door. I gleam of sickness.You give me morning, Lord, as yougive earthquake to all architecture.I can forget. ; ; ; ; ;  You put that sugarin the melon’s breath, and it is wetwith what you are. (I, too, ferment.)You rub the hum and simple warmthof summer from afar into the hipsof insects and of everything.I can forget. ; ; ; ; ;  And like the sea,one more machine without a memory,I don’t believe that you made me. ; ; ; ; ; PRIME“The most beautiful bodies are like transparent glass.”They are bodies of the selfless or of those newlydead. What appears transparent is really flameburning so brightly it appears like glass. Whatyou’re looking through is the act of giving: Onething in life needed desperately, given to another,or perhaps life itself. The most beautiful bodiesare not transparent, but sometimes the colorof lead, like the elephant whom a child with somepeanuts lifts by the trunk in his hand in the swirlingdust, so that it appears he has lifted a monumentor a city with all its pain. The bodies that seemtransparent are made of an ice so pure it appearsto be glass sweating, where you, desiring another,glimpse your own face that weighs nothing and is burning.With her hair closely cropped up to the nape Like Dorian Apollo’s, the girl lay on the narrow Pallet, keeping her limbs stiffly frozen Within a heavy cloud she could not escape... Artemis emptied her quiver—every arrow Shot through her body. And though very soon She’d be no virgin, like cold honeycomb, Her virgin thighs still kept her pleasure sealed... As if to the arena, the youth came Oiled with myrrh, and like a wrestler kneeled To pin her down; and although he broke past Her arms that she had thrust against his chest, Only much later, with one cry, face to face, Did they join lips, and out of their sweat, embrace...A blind man was riding an unheated train, From Bryansk he was traveling home with his fate. Fate whispered to him so the whole car could hear: And why should you care about blindness and war? It’s good, she was saying, you’re sightless and poor. If you were not blind, you’d never survive. The Germans won’t kill you, you’re nothing to them. Allow me to lift that bag on your shoulder— The one with the holes, the empty torn one. Let me just raise your eyelids wide open. The blind man was traveling home with his fate, Now thankful for blindness. Happy about it.Wherever the earth is crag and scrub, the goats are there—the black ones, girlishly skipping, leaping their little leaps from rock to rock. I’ve loved their nerve and frisk since I was small. 
Once my grandfather gave me one of my own. He showed me how I could serve myself when I got hungry, from the full-feeling bags there like warmish wineskins, where I’d let my hands linger some before bringing my mouth close, so the milk wouldn’t go to waste on my face, my neck, even my naked chest, which did happen sometimes, who knows if on purpose, my mind dwelling all the while on the savory-smelling vulvazinha. I called her Maltesa; she was my horse; I could almost say she was my first woman.I spoke in a hurry, in a nervous hush, Because the time was short— The lightning was shuddering, Slowing down, running. Or was that my blood, The quiet diminishing of daily life? It’s time for me to go forth Into Your tiny mustard seed. In the house of my Father, everything is fading, In the house of the Father, all the angels are crying, Because the anguish of a jaded, exhausted horse Sometimes finds its way even unto them. One gray day, I was alive on this earth, And amid the mist of day—in triumph— The Spirit may approach and look So that you will see Him, without seeing. And, so, celebrate the meager light, Curse not the twilight. If Christ is to visit us It will be on such pitiful days as these.From Daddy sprung my inborn ribaldry. His crudeness destined me to be the same. A seedlet, flowered from a shitty heap, I came, the crowning glory of his aim. From Mother I inherited ennui, The leg irons of the queendom I once rattled. But I won’t let such chains imprison me. And there is just no telling what this brat’ll...! This marriage thing? We snub our nose at it. What’s pearl turns piss, what’s classy breeds what’s smutty. But like it? Lump it? Neither’s exigent. And I’m the end result of all that fucking. Do what you will! This world’s your oyster, Pet. But be forewarned. The sea might drown you yet.I saw my mother standing there below meOn the narrow bank just looking out over the riverLooking at something just beyond the taut middle rope Of the braided swirling currentsThen she looked up quite suddenly to the far bankWhere the densely twined limbs of the cypressTwisted violently toward the storm-struck skyThere are some things we know before we knowAlso some things we wish we would not ever knowEven if as children we already knew ; & soStanding above her on that bridge that shuddered Each time the river ripped at its wooden pilings I knew I could never even fate willing ever Get to her in timeThey said, my saints, my slogan-sayers sang,    Be good, my child, in spite of all alarm. They stood, my fathers, tall in a row and said,    Be good, be brave, you shall not come to harm. I heard them in my sleep and muttering dream,    And murmuring cried, How shall I wake to this? They said, my poets, singers of my song,    We cannot tell, since all we tell you is But history, we speak but of the dead.    And of the dead they said such history (Their beards were blazing with the truth of it)    As made of much of me a mystery.God put his finger on my sacrumand he lifted me, he set mein the center of the universe,the curious desireof my chronically lonely life.It was cold and dark and lonelyand I was scared.There were no accessories.I burst into tears over nothing.What would Jimmy Schuyler do?wwjsd?And as quietly as the sound of Kleenexbeing pulled from a box,I sneezed.And morning, that goddess,as if she were slightly deaf,barely lifted her head off the horizonbefore laying back down.And a rose opened her portalsand the scent ran up an elephant’s trunk,or tried to.Such a long way for everything to travel!From here I look like a front moving inAn icy purple lighta poet would say belonged to a perfume stopperbelonging to his mother.When it was her nipple.You know, neither in the pastor in the future.For you: anthophilous, lover of flowers, green roses, chrysanthemums, lilies: retrophilia, philocaly, philomath, sarcophilous—all this love,of the past, of beauty, of knowledge, of flesh; this iscatalogue & counter: philalethist, negrophile, neophile.A negro man walks down the street, taps Newportout against a brick wall & stares at you. Love that: lygophilia, lithophilous. Be amongst stones,amongst darkness. We are glass house. Philopornist,philotechnical. Why not worship the demimonde?Love that—a corner room, whatever is not there, all the clutter you keep secret. Palaeophile,ornithophilous: you, antiquarian, pollinated by birds.All this a way to dream green rose petals on the bed you love; petrophilous, stigmatophilia: live near rocks, tattoo hurt;for you topophilia: what place do you love? All these words for love (for you), all these ways to say believe in symphily, to say let us live near each other.When you show yourself to the woman you love, you don’t know your fearis not fear, itself. You have never been good,but now you are so good,who are you? Is it the liquidity of her skinthat bathes the world for you,or her face, captured like a she-lionin your own flesh?This summerbed is soft with ring upon ring upon ring of wedding, the kindthat doesn’t clink upon contact, the kindwith no contract,the kind in which the gold is only (only!) light. Cloud covers and lifts, and sleep and night and soon enough, love’sbig fire laughs at a terrible burn, but only (only!) because pain absorbs excess joy and you shouldn’t flaunt your treasures in front of all day’s eyes.“Dark and amusing he is, this handsome gallant, ; ; Of chamois-polished charm,Athlete and dancer of uncommon talent— ; ; Is there cause for alarmIn his smooth demeanor, the proud tilt of his chin, ; ; This cavaliere servente, this Harlequin?“Gentle and kindly this other, ardent but shy, ; ; With an intelligenceWho would not glory to be guided by— ; ; And would it not make senseTo trust in someone so devoted, so ; ; Worshipful as this tender, pale Pierrot?“Since both of them delight, if I must choose ; ; I win a matchless mate,But by that very winning choice I lose— ; ; I pause, I hesitate,Putting decision off,” says Columbine,“And while I hesitate, they both are mine.”The field blank in snow. But I mean this page.Now print mars the surface to make surfaceSeen. Sheen only error brings. Perfect rageSo the sun rises. Rage is your slow practiceThat makes of every day another dayIn whose gathering promise the shy sparrowsShiver instead of sing. I want to go away.See these footsteps? These black shapes in the snow?If there is a word for them, it’s no word I know. Pursuit?, no. Proof?, no. Don’t call it fear.Could I cross this white sheet if I were coward,Edge to edge, margin to margin, neverReferring to anything outside itself?—Stop that. Stop pointing to the photo on the shelf.To make beauty out of pain, it damns the eyes—No, dams the eyes. See how they overflow?No damns them, damns them, and so they cry.What shape can I swallow to make me whole?Baby’s bird-shaped block, blue-painted woodThat fits in the bird-hole of the painted wood box?The skeleton leaf? The skeleton key? LoudKnock when the shape won’t unlock any locks.I hear it through the static in the baby’s roomWhen the monitor clicks on and off, soundOf sea-ice cracking against the jagged sea-rocks,Laughing gull in the gale. What is it dives downPast sight, down there dark with the other blocks?It can’t be seen, only heard. A kind of curse,This kind curse. Forgive me. Blessing that hurts.we all got tickets to The Truthfinally we thought finally when the curtain fell awayour indrawn breaths could be heardeven in the next theater even the gasp of the mime who had slipped in among usa loud whushing like reams of litterwhirling upward in a galehands shot to mouths and mouths fell open I couldn’t say withinhow many seconds all our minds shut some slamming others just a click like 300 parallelrows of tipped dominoes  a racket of almost unisonbelieve me we wouldn’t have resisted anything but the truthso instantly and universallyyet we sat there and waited for something elsewhich you could say we also got if you count the mime’sunpleasant remarkso she wasn’t even a real mimeprobably part of what was clearly just a performanceWhatever the cost I pay up at the minnow pools.I don’t know anything of the misery of these trapped fish,or the failure of the marsh I’m so hidden.Up above is the island with its few houses facingthe ocean God walks with anyone there. I oftenslosh through the low tide to a sisterunattached to causeways.It’s where deer mate then lead their youngby my house to fields, again up above me.Pray for me. Like myself be lost.An amulet under your chest, a green sign of the firstrose you ever saw, the first shore.Then I wash my horse, dogs, me behind the barn.Only the narrow way leads home.At the Oriental Institute, Chicago    They redid King Tut splendid, once stone-huge as this yet his wife’s feet tiny, the only thing of her nowlow, next to him. A few toes, some of the rest, a bit of ankle, that’s itin the shade of her husband’s looming, massive looking straight ahead into the future where we live and can’teye-to-eye, where to stare at himis to suffer warbler neck, head back and upà la the high just-leafing-out trees as bright bitswing their blinkand hide. Little wife, such small feet, the thought dwarfs the king as ache, as what is ever left of us and oh, I like her better.Tennessee: We are here, between trees, with the tempo of a rosary being strungin a queue of escalating beads—Carolina: It’s not quite the count inthe countinghouse of my chestbut the heart does make an awful attemptt: and a circle wherever it may be there was music coming onc: which though machinery-like moves not in cogs, and neversprings, but waves throught: like wired applause for antic backstagebuds on the pre-comeuppance buzz; but it fadesc: but only after the chorus has pulsedt: it drops off with sudden decision, like fountainwater gone drossc: or it reaches the furthest pointthe branch turns from us, and is for some arc fully quiet...t: until the roulette snaps its jaw and the choir’scircuit opens to onec: like a pigeon unhinged, its wingsin sudden white-rumped ascentt: unopposed by iridescencec: unopposed by iridescence; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;    IFrom the false summit, coxcomb-cum-arête,cool thermals underscore our frailties,past edges where our wingless feet are set and the long look down dilutes the evergreens.As sandstone ends, the world of ghosts begins—they sometimes rise up still in dreams, my love.With one hand firm, I step onto the skinof the abyss, embracing what’s aboveand severing spent ties to the scree below. The filtered light turns lichen eerie green,ushering in a world we hardly know,at least not one we’re sure we’ve ever seenjust so, each climber brand new in his skin,no longer mired in waiting to begin. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   iiIt is pleasant, very pleasant, to sit at a wooden boothsurrounded by parrots, wheels, right-turning conch shells,the victory banner and the endless knot,the lotus, the treasure vase, the golden fishes—is this not so? Is it not pleasantto sip Tsingtao beer, or Zhujiang, or Yanjing,and tap your fingers on the bamboo mats?After we’ve drunk enough, there will be Buddhist Delight,Mongolian beef side dishes, a whole host of sauces,even some pizza and chicken wings if children are present,as well as the small ice-cream machine, lotus paste, pears,smiles and bows all around. It is pleasant, is it not,to linger outside the door that opens to the parking lotof this small strip mall beside this secondary roadand look upon the scattered cars all come to rest herelike boats in China, floating on a quiet evening tide.The Shannon when it washesthe shoreline in the wakeof a cruiser susurrusesexactly like the Polishlanguage you hear in lidlon Friday evenings, 7 pmpayday. That’s whatGerry says. ; ; ; ; ;  •The river surface offersspace to the song:hammer taps of Latviansand Poles nailing planksof a deck. ;   The placebetween water and skyholding sound. It is under-loved and an amphitheater. ; ; ; ; ;  •Latvians and Lithuaniansare nailing planksof grooved decking.It will be a nice featureof that riverside property. ;   Their tap-tappingunderscores the distancebetween this side and that. ; ; ; ; ;  •Winter gales have made swift workof the billboard proclaiming42 luxury bungalows only tworemaining; ; ; ; ;   Why does Mama wear ; ; ;   Indira’s red and green earrings? ; ; ; ; ;  A jinx is the inverse ; ; ; ; ; ;  of Jewish artichoke; ; ; ; ; ;  kinship is the transverse ; ; ; ; ; ;  of no opinion coke. ; ; ; ; ;  Flambé is the reverse ; ; ; ; ; ;  of Papa’s poker chips; ; ; ; ; ;  touché to the universe ; ; ; ; ; ;  of acquiescent lips. ; ; ; ; ;  For the same reason she wears ; ; ;   silent Nehru jacket, holy Nehru jacket.Less lonely, less . . .    I gave you a tiny box. You lifted the lid, praised the usefulness of my gift: a silver pin shaped like an amper-sand. As you fastened it to your lapel, I thought again of that motel outside of Chicago. ¿Te acuerdas?I sat on the edge of a bench, untied my shoes. Face down, eyes shut, you breathed inthe aroma of sweat & allspice coming off the sheets. I tossed my ring—gold, inscribed—toward a pile of clothes. But the ring dropped in the small of your back where it rattled & rattled like a coin in a beggar’s cup.No pitying/“Ah” for this one —Alan Shapiro    No, nor a fierce hurrahfor what it does without choice,for following the lightfor the same reason the light follows it.Just a thing rough to the touch, a facelike a thousand ticks turning their backs,suckling at something you can’t see,and a body like a tag off the earthso that my child hands couldn’t tear it outfrom the overgrown lot next door. ; ; ; ; ;  My palms raw with the shockof quills and spines. Its hold like spite, and uglyexcept when seen from a distance—a whole field of them by the highway,an 80-mile-per-hour view ; ; ; ; ;  like a camera’s flash.All of them like haloswithout saints to weigh them down.the froth of noisethe undersides of the cedars make,the windblown dark that hintsand fails for hours at effacement—maybe I could claim it isn’tpraying, but it’s asking,at the least, beggingthat these lungfuls of this blacknesseat whatever keeps on swellingand collapsing in my chest, and be donewith it, no more noiseleft hanging in the spacesbetween brake lights than a smothered rushthat sounds like sufferingand is nothing. Instead a sobbing isn’tso much easing from my throatas shining like black light from my torso,veining the leaves of weeds, stoningthe whole roadside in a halo—I can feelthe heat of truck lights on my back,I’m inside that brilliant gravity,I think of time, I’m in the driver’snightmare and it shudders by—After it came in like a dark birdOut of the snow, barely whistlingThe notes father, mother, child,It was hard to say what made us happiest. Seeing the branches where it had learnedTo stir the air? The air that openedWithout fear? Just the branchesAnd us in a room of wild things? Like a shapeless flame, it flewA dozen times around the room.And, in a wink, a dozen more.Into the wall, the window, the door. You said the world turns to parts.You said the parts are cunning spheres.You said you always love the face of sin.You said it’s here, the lips and eyes and skin. Outside the snow deepenedWith heaves of discontent.Inside, the tremor of our lifeFlew in and in and in.This timeless blood was here before begat. ;Infinity runs in your veins— ;   Not mine, nor yours, ; ;   Nor Eve’s, not Adam’s— ; ; ;   Gat of God, ; ; ; ;   And spinning like taffy Godwards back again.Sapped through the centuries to us— ;Grafting a limb there for the Jesse tree— ;   Remultiplied infinitely, ; ;   From heart to heart tick-pulsed, ; ; ;   Ill clad, ill fed, ill fit— ; ; ; ;   Here, child, do what you can with it.Originally appeared in the July 1968 issue of Poetry magazine.Renege on the rock! Smash the oppressor cave! Sashay out onto the floor! Scorn the cornices— see, from the beard of drunk Silenus from the unique uproar of his blood the wine dribble into his genitals! Spit on the obsession with pillars: ancient rheumatic hands quake toward gray skies. Bring down the temple by the yearning of your knees twitching with dance. Spill, spread, unpetal, bleed your soft flowers through great wounds. Dove-hauled Venus girds her loins with roses— see the summer’s last puff of blue drift on seas of asters to distant pine-brown coasts; see this final hour of our mendacious southern happiness    held aloft.In memory of Octavio Paz    not even lost in death the memory of why we burned, and therefore still a fire consuming all obsequious delay, now polvo, dust, of a desire but still alive ; ;    and aching, not even lost to you within our common urn, urgent as an ash still burning alma, soul, still and moving toward you, la muerte, my amor— ; ;    not even lost in death, memoria, and feeling some reply, alma, memory and ash, ash burning still, still and moving toward you, dust and dust, ash ; ;    alma and amor constante ; ;    más allá de la muerte, constant even in our common urn, polvo enamorado.Each day as dawn approaches, the King sits in majesty and blesses the holy creatures: To you, my creatures, I speak, before you I declare— Creatures who bear the throne of my glory with all your heart, and willingly with your soul— Blessed is the hour of your creation, and exalted is the constellation beneath which I gave you form. May the light of that morning continue to shine when you came into my mind— for you are a vessel of my desire prepared and perfected on that day. Be silent, creatures of my making, so I might hear my children pray.You don’t get everything back.Is today morning or night? The radio voice saysthe composer is changing the place home is. When they try to put a tube down her throat, the woman beside me sobs. Nurses probea vein as she thrashes, call the Hmong translator.Once a boy told me, in Laos he sat in a tree all night. Father pay me dollar for every man I’m shooting. When there’s water to cross, the fish, caught,get needled through gill slits. Down the dark hall,machines bleat at each bed. Eyes open and shut: flashes,detachment, vitreous gel. Her son, seven years old,comes after school, peels oranges, watches football, changing the place home is.How I’ve changed may not be apparent.I limp. Read and write, make tea at the stoveas I practiced in rehab. Sometimes, like fire, a task overwhelms me. I cry for days, shriek when the phone rings. Like a page pulled from flame,I’m singed but intact: I don’t burn down the house.Later, cleared to drive, I did outpatient rehab. Otherslost legs or clutched withered minds in their hands.A man who can’t speak recognized meand held up his finger. I knew he meant One year since your surgery. Sixteen since his.Guadalupe wishes daily to be the one before. Nobodyis that. Sometimes, like love, the neurons just cross fire.You don’t get everything back.Midnight’s merely blue,but me, me, me, I’m through and through sloe, cracked soot-on-a-boot, nicotine spat, licorice whip. You can scratch, scratch, scratch but I stay underskin true to ebony, ink, crowberry, pitch;hoist me up by my hooves and shake till I’m shook, I’m still chock full of coke, fuliginous murk.O there’s swart in my soul,coal by the bag, cinders and slag, scoriac grit, so pleasecome, comb through my fleece with hands pallid as snow and watch how they grow tarry, raven, stygian, ashed— or, if you wish, clean me with bleachI won’t flinch, just char down to a core of caliginous marrow,pure carbon, atramentous,utterly piceous, shadowed, and starless,each clumpity clump and eclipse of my heart raptly re-burnishing a woolgather dark.For Arnold Rampersad Shadows bluing the snow, the pines’ and mine, bear the cast of a kestrel’s blue-gray crown I note as I find my way about this town. Blues here more likely the Nordic-eyes kind than the blue-black of some Black folk back home.Here so many lakes reflect the sky’s blue dome; some summer days skimmed-milk blue tints windblown whitecaps. Blue’s an adjective, verb, and noun, and the color of the world when I pine because she’s gone leaving too much wine and time. Blue shadows on the snow, mine and the pines’. For a tall man, blue ox, and now me, home is Bemidji, though the blues here around more the cast of a kestrel’s blue-gray crown than the blue-black of my cousins back home.Questions for a zoologiststarting with anatomy ;   concluding with love:Is a turtle’s skin loaned? True or false: weight of his shell ;    is lighter ;    than the light of drums. What is the under-shell and is it tough as a mangrove? Can he see through his shell-box?Can he see out the rear ; ; ; ; ;to this sea of ours? Does he exist in the order of things? How does life begin, when does it end ; ;  and is that good or evil?Yellow margin over a cuttlebone, domed carapace ;   is it a lonely worldof sow bugs, cutworms, and God?On the other side of this doorYou are an oyamel native to the mountains of MexicoRising in a cloud forest of sister evergreensShedding pollen cones, shedding winged seedsOur lost wings ; ; ; ; singly and in pairs.This is why the monarchs vanish    Raising sienna-hued colonies longer than my armsHibernating in Mexico where it’s hotter in January ; ; ; than my front yard, where the red bougainvillea ravesAnd magnolias ; ;   with a mauve rush on paperAnd open as though thinking about last year’s novelsRead over the shoulders of garden-strollers Obey the apostle’s exhortation And do everything in love.The girl was known for shitting in her yard.  I did so little for her.  She was small, a dandelion orb with ragged hair like an old woman’s burnt from dye.  Her face showed little sign of poverty—it was her dusty shoes cut open at the top that told.A bone look she’d mastered young, yet the curve of her face was edible, like a rounded sparrow in hand.  She wasn’t mean, but did what she wanted—quietly, with a lift to her chin, while I struggled to teach her anything. I’d like to say I brushed her brittle hair, called her beautiful, coaxed out sight words that dawdled on her tongue.   I dream of her spinning like a fairy dervish in my failure.  Consider this a prayer, a foolish one.We set great wreaths of brightness on the graves of the passionate who required tribute of hot July flowers— for you, O brittle-hearted, we bring offering remembering how your wrists were thin and your delicate bones not yet braced for conquering. The sharp cries of ghost-boys are keen above the meadows, and little girls continue graceful and wondering. Flickering evening on the lakes recalls those young heirs whose developing years have sunk to earth, their strength not tested, their praise unsung. Weave grasses for their childhood—who will never see love or disaster or take sides against decay balancing the choices of maturity. Silent and coffined in silence while we pass loud in defiance of death, the helpless lie. October 1935Adorable images, Plaster of Paris Lilies of the field, You are not alive, therefore Pathos will be out of place. But I have learned A strange fact about your fate, And it is this: After you go out of fashion Beneath your many fashions, Or when your elbows and knees Have been bruised powdery white, So that you are no good to anybody— They will take away your gowns, Your sables and bathing suits, Leaving exposed before all men Your inaccessible bellies And pointless nubilities. Movers will come by night And load you all into trucksAnd take you away to the Camps, Where soldiers, or the State Police, Will use you as targets For small-arms practice, Leading me to inquire, Since pathos is out of place, What it is that they are practicing.November 1961Her eyelids were painted blue.When she closed her eyes the searolled in like ten thousand fiery chariots,leaving behind silence above & belowa thousand years old. He stood beneatha high arched window, gazing outat fishing boats beyond the dikes, their netsunfurled, their offshore gesturesa dance of living in bluish entourage.He was only the court’s chief jester.What he said & did made them laugh,but lately what he sometimes thought he knewcould cost him his polished tongue & royal wig.He was the masked fool unmasking the emperor.Forget the revelation. Forget the briny sea.He had seen the ravishing empress nakedin a forbidden pose. Her blue eye shadow.Aquamarine shells crusted with wormy mud. Anyway, if he said half of what was foretold,the great one would become a weeping boyslumped beneath the Pillars of Hercules.I wish I knew the contents and I wish the contentsJapanese —like hairpins made of tortoiseshell or bonethough my braid was lopped off long ago,like an overpowering pine incenseor a talisman from a Kyoto shrine,like a Hello Kitty diary-lock-and-key,Hello Kitty stickers or candies,a netsuke in the shape of an octopus,ticket stubs from the Bunraku —or am I wishing for Mother? searching for Sister?just hoping to give something Japanese to my daughters?then again, people can read anything into dreamsand I do as well. I wish I possessed my mother’s black lacquer boxthough in my dream it was red,though I wish my heart were content.In goes the cafeteria worker in her hairnet.In goes the philosophy teacherexplaining the theory of eternalreturn, and Anton Stadler with his clarinet,still owing money to Mozart. Ingoes Mozart. Everyone flopped into the creelof the happy fisherman, everyone eaten.Every river is Lethean,so why should we care if it’s not the same river? I hatehow everything changes, treeto failing term paper, chatelaineto beheaded plotter, drug dealer to narc.The heart softening faster than cerealbut then hardening to a relicwhich turns into another lineof depressed poetry to reciteto the next eager traineeanxious to be more than lint.Going up, you’re also going down, so eitherway, as your mother said, Be nice.When she went in, she was very thin.Earth, air, fire, water, mother.Fish pulse slowly under the river ice.She visits still too much, dressed in aromasof fir needles, mango, mold: I still get lostknowing she’s close, me not getting youngeror more conscious. Sometimes I fantasticateI’m broad awake: her witchy presence waitsfor me to jump into her arms, but then she’s justan incoherent ache in sleep’s freaked scenes.I feel her frosty nitrogenous hands and wristsvaporing nooses around my head and feetand genitals, conjuring my drab hairinto a party bowl of oiled, desirable locks.She makes me nervous, but what would I dowithout her? So long as I can’t have her,I want her and this alarming manic frequency.Then again, who wants to wake to change,its pulped, smelly suit of meat, drawing flies?My night-watch hot girl, moon-maiden, mom,let me get just one night’s sleep without regret,released from your foxy ticklish fondlings,your latest smell of windblown fresh-cut grass.My aunts mentioned her just once,calling her my aunt, their sister,though she wasn’t. They mentionedthe vinyl recliner in the kitchen,the “I Like Ike” poster, the Sacred Heart,cabbage smells, sulfur, and shame.Before jolted by the gift that calledthrough but never really for her,she became unpleasantly calm.Moments later, after she said“I don’t want this please,” God’s loveraced down the pulse into her look.It was as if her things spoke back:a table leg scraped the floor, a forkwobbled in a drawer, knickknacks fell.She nearly died each time it happened.They said her mind just wasn’t there,or she wasn’t in it anymore.She sat helpless afterward,papery when they lifted herfrom vision seat to bed. The mightto move what her eye fell uponis the image of her I keep,her iridescent readiness.He put the spirit essencethe light pip not onlyin each eye’s albumenconcentrate of starlightbut must have been taughthow to do that by firstfinding it in the pearlhe posed then correctedin dusty studio lightthat pounced on the windowbehind which sits the cheeky girlpear- and apple-blossom cheeksa fake description naturallyof their plain fleshinessdrably golden and her lipsfrom Haight Street’s darlingsnose studs jacket studsgirls with that kind of eyeone by the atm machinecasual juicy and so faira Netherlandish typepanhandling strangerspomegranate seed ballbearings agleam in her nosepearls not sea-harvestedbut imagined seen put thereby a certain need and fancybecause love says it’s sopicture that picture this.rumdumb from last night’s shrubbery trystexhales soot, fernseed, shoots and vines,brings his hot breath from the city park’s wood,saying a song we don’t understandthrough the briar and bay leaves of his beard.And in Philadelphia, 1954,out of late autumn’s darkening he came,a junkman lugging a Penn Fruit cart,straw bristling his face, crying a name.Or from manholes in other cities,his holographic ectoplasm greets uswhen traffic lights turn green.Uncover and there he is, membranousCaliban alone with sewer rats,or stumblebum Puck, unnameable solidscrusting nails and toes, bringing us his dark.Or our neighborhood’s soused John-John,cobra down-at-heel boots skiddingat my feet among the maddening jasmine,when I grab too late to save him growls:“I can save you darling pigs.Behold, behold, and maybe I’ll help.”It seems to head from its last stop too fast,my transbay train’s strung-out hoo, deepinside the tunnel, and starts to bleedinto the baritone wail of that guyat platform’s end, a sort of lullabyrubbed against the wall then caught in a squallof wind darkening toward us, his whippy voiceskinning its tired song off the tiled dome:he’s determined, the silky lyric says,to be independently blue, while we allwait to be chuted to car lot or home,closer to love, or farther, and sooner to loss,our bashful shoes and arms like lives crossed,every plural presence now some thing alone,thanks to our singer-man. We wait for the train,patient with hope, a hope that’s like complaint.I had a calling.I took the call.It was all I could do to follow the voice streaming into meLike traffic on the runway where I layDown to gather.I had a calling. I heard the geese bleatIn the firmament as they migratedInto the jet’s jets.And could I have foreseen that fallingI could have fallen tooRather than being sutured to the bottomlessFreeze-out lake.For it is fine to lie within one’s borrowed blanketsLooking up at the Dropped ceiling coming down.For at the moment I am employed counting the holesIn the sound absorbing tilesKeeping a running record of the interlocutor’s Chides.I feel at one with extinctionBy my own hand(Inner hand)Though once there were many of my kindFlocking inland, or perhapsIt felt that way.Another day come, add it To the list, theNot to do list.Son of mine,I was rambling across the undercarpetingStrewn with imperceptible tacksIn one shapeless slip-onWhen a pain rang out in my flankAnd I fell to,Braying,But who should answer but no one.I lost good cause that day, don’t ask,Let us sit a bit in this ill-starredSuit in the form-fillingChamber of subtraction,Listing.I haven’t another trip around the sun Left in me. Speak to meSon, vague one. For this is where it thickens,Me here and it there and me there and them hereAnd you with the soul.I’ll cross that gravid boneyard All the day poking Radishes for remembrance.For this is a private matter Between a man and his scaffoldingAnd it shall remain so Privation permitting.Like the small hole by the path-side something lives in,in me are lives I do not know the names of,nor the fates of,nor the hungers of or what they eat.They eat of me.Of small and blemished apples in low fields of me whose rocky streams and droughts I do not drink.And in my streets—the narrow ones, unlabeled on the self-map—they follow stairs down music ears can’t follow,and in my tongue borrowed by darkness,in hours uncounted by the self-clock,they speak in restless syllables of other losses, other loves. There too have been the hard extinctions, missing birds once feasted on and feasting.There too must be machines like loud ideas with tungsten bits that grind the day.A few escape. A mercy.They leave behind small holes that something unweighed by the self-scale lives in.The last two sherpas were the strongest,faithful companions, their faces wind-peeled,streaked with soot and glacier-light on the snowfieldbelow the summit where we stopped to rest.The first was my body, snug in its cap of lynx-fur, smelling of yak butter and fine mineral dirt,agile, impetuous, broad-shouldered,alive to the frozen bite of oxygen in the larynx.The second was my intellect, dour and thirsty, furrowing its fox-like brow, my calculating brainsearching for some cairn or chasm to explainmy decision to send them back without me.Looking down from the next, ax-cleft serac I saw them turn and dwindle and felt unafraid. Blind as a diamond, sun-pure and rarefied,whatever I was then, there was no turning back.It keeps on happening again and it willbe forgotten again until it’s September.We’re in the tall building paying the billoverdue to the city for gas to fuel our furnace. We’re thinking November—it keeps on happening again—and we’llneed heat. Now it’s still summer, too hot untilfall to turn off the AC. Considerthat other cloudless day, paying the billin City Hall. It’s way too high now, stillwe pay it. Look at the line, at him, her—it keeps on happening again and it will.Energy’s costly. We forget it can kill.Though some of our children can’t remember,we in the building paying the billlook at the date, at the window sill,think of their choice between jump and tinder.It keeps on happening again and it will.We’re in the tall building, paying the bill.This is the multitude, the beasts you wanted to show me, drawing me upstream, all morning up through wind-scoured heather to the hillcrest. Below us, in the next glen, is the grave calm brotherhood, descended out of winter, out of hunger, kneeling like the signatories of a covenant; their weighty, antique-polished antlers rising above the vegetation like masts in a harbor, or city spires. We lie close together, and though the windwhips away our man-and-woman smell, everystag-face seems to look toward us, toward, but not to us: we’re held, and hold them, in civil regard. I suspect you’d hoped to impress me, to lift to my sight our shared country, lead me deeper into what you know, but loathto cause fear you’re already moving quietly away, sure I’ll go with you, as I would now, almost anywhere.I must have passed the crest a while ago    And now I am going down.Strange to have crossed the crest and not to know—    But the brambles were always catching the hem of my gown.All the morning I thought how proud it would be    To stand there straight as a queen—Wrapped in the wind and the sun, with the world under me.    But the air was dull, there was little I could have seen.It was nearly level along the beaten track    And the brambles caught in my gown—But it’s no use now to think of turning back,    The rest of the way will be only going down. September 1919The cost of flight is landing.On this warm winter day in the southwest,down here on the edge of the border I wantto go to France where we all came fromwhere the Occident was born near the ancientcaves near Lascaux. At home I’m onlysitting on the lip of this black hole, a wellthat descends to the center of the earth.With a big telescope aimed straight downI see a red dot of fire and hear the beast howling.My back is suppurating with disease,the heart lurches left and right,the brain sings its ditties.Everywhere blank white movies wait to be seen.The skylark dove within inches of the rocksbefore it stopped and rose again.God’s toes are buried deep in the earth.He’s ready to run. But where?Today I heard a rich and hungry boy verbatim quoteall last night’s infomercials — an anorectic sonwho bought with Daddy’s Amex black cardthe Bowflex machine and Abdomenizer,plus a steak knife that doth slicethe inner skin of   his starving arms.Poor broken child of   Eve myself,to me, the flightless fly,the listing, blistered, scalded.I am the rod to their lightning.Mine is the earhole their stories pierce.At my altar the blouse is torn openand the buttons sailed across the incensed air space of the nave,that I may witness the mastectomy scars crisscrossed like barbed wire, like bandoliers.To me, the mother carries the ash contentsof   the long-ago incinerated girl.She begs me for comfort since my own sonwas worse tortured. Justice,they wail for — mercy?Each prostrate body I hold my arms out foris a cross my son is nailed to.1  As so-called quarks, so atoms before and throughAnd after molecules, which tooConstitute us awhile, plumingThrough our slowly changing shapesLike beachscapesThrough a duneless sandglass, say(I said, once) — all theseSo utterly forgetful, wiped cleanAs numbers with each new use, lint-free.How not so words, which pass our mindsAnd mouths and ears from hind-Most elsewhere, on their way to elsewhere — whySo?Words are the sum of their histories: roseAnd roke and no and blanketing snow.  2  So much less LEGO-like, click-Click together than like slickTentacularColonial hydrozoans tossedTogether in the copper potsOf   predication — all cross-Shock and shimmery tangle —How canAnyone calculate semanticSets so dervishly complex?How can we not expect not less but hellishMuch more than to mean what we say? Then guess:How can we better butHope to become in sum whatWe say when we say again love?A spring day oozes through Trastevere. A nun in turquoise sneakers contemplates the stairs. Ragazzi everywhere, the pus in their pimples pushing up like paperwhites in the midday sun. Every hard bulb stirs. The fossilized egg in my chest cracks open against my will. I was so proud not to feel my heart.Waking means being angry.The dead man on the Congo road was missing an ear, which had either been eaten or someone was wearing it around his neck. The dead man looked like this. No, that. Here’s a flock of touristsin matching canvas hats. This year will take from methe hardened person who I longed to be. I am healing by mistake. Rome is also built on ruins.The girl from Scarborough liked being slappedDown the hall from where her mother slept.A big, hard-working hand, anybody’sTo come medicinally down, antibodyTo the slow infection of   her Western face(what sucked the most was that it wasn’t fast).Some birds don’t migrate. Above, two lonely fowlScream across the sky their only vowel. This river I step in is not the riverI stand in. We’ll drive to Leslieville, wherever, Park in the Guildwood GO lot and get stoned.Who’s there? Nay, answer me. StandAnd unfold yourself. Her heart begins to pound.No geese go winging to the rooky pondNo goslings disappear their small and speckled. If we endure this, it will make us special.Well I guess that’s all locked up tight Says Sam who guards the mall at night. Sam’s a puppet! He can’t use his eyes.His body is an excellent disguise. I’m Muffy the Mouse! I’m condemned to rhymeUntil the Christmas special end of time. That’s Jodi, my human friend.The world goes on and on and will not endHiya there Jodi. Oh hi Sam. Jodi straightens Jeffrey’s magic tam. Everything’s safe here let’s go upstairsSam says through a moustache Props repairs. Jodi is so pretty. I hate her. She carries Jeffrey up the escalatorTo the kid’s department every nightWhere he turns into space and starlight When I say the magic rhyme. Jeff’s a mannequin Until the mall goes dark. Then he’s a man again.Two women on a trainsit beside me.I am young and the worldis flying and I am watching.One of them is frosty.The other turns like a leafto hand me something —it looked for all the world like a page.I thought at the timethat it needed me and I was right.The letters fell into placeand simple flowers grew.Now it talks unceasinglyin long white versesas if at a wedding,something women understandand gently want and then regift.I myself agree with Herbert,who in a dark mood conjuredthe mushrooms underfootunseen by bride or groomand with him I say, Perhapsthe world is unimportantafter all, though this is notwhat one discusses withwomen on a train, no matterhow long the journey,or untroubled the land.Last night in bedI mouthed a prayerof my own composition.It sounded offhand, it was carelesslyaddressed, it twisted my meaningentirely, it left an ache,I didn’t know what I was doing.So I took down my yellowed copyof French With Picturesby the late literary critic I.A. Richardsand I put my petitioninto soft French words.I.A. Richards believed that ironywas the language of redemption.He wrote and lectured famously on this,but his masterpiece was French With Pictures.“The chapeau is on the table.”“The man with the beard stands before the window.”“She comes from a village by the sea.”There is no improving the old traditions.They are already mortal, partial, and wrong.The woman at the table by the windowputs her head into her hands.“Into your hands,” she said.The belt kicks on with a whir & the whirlicks the end grain of the offcut with a hintof  hesitation. A small wind of ochre dustsweeps off the belt before the belt comes backto where it was. The whole room swellswith the scent of cinnamon & desire.How imprecise the smell of desire.The wood takes on a sheen, a glossthe grain can live behind without worryof  being forgotten. A single knot blinksout of the small block and becomesthe eye of a hummingbird, its beakbending around the edge of the wood,its small song captured in the annular rings. To think, this block was tossed inwith the scraps. That the birdcould have been lost. Or burned.gain — a bevel cut into plank ends in traditional lapstrake boat construction that allows otherwise lapped planks to lay flush at stem and transom.    There’s the paring chisel’s purpose in the steamed cedar strake, its long warp laid strong against the bench,whose pocked surface is the book of what has already been made,or marred in learning’s wake — & clamped now in the jaws one is waiting for its match, for the chisel to elaboratethe pencil’s scribed hypothesis, under whichlies another path, & through a tilting eyethe curving bevel’s made, the chisel rollingback tight scrolls of thinnest grain & what bright sleeves begin to fleece the floor; there is a lackgiven to the wood, some short song cut loosefrom the lignin’s name, that a longer &more buoyant melody be made.The steam box is used for bending   frames and planks in traditional boatbuilding.    With a match I became a man who summoned dieselfrom the yellow cavernsof a ten-gallon jug, called the flamenow hissing out the hose at the small house of  water, thatrusted drum from which travelsan excruciating wetness — thisis what makes the body otherwise, what makes itsing. To take that which has decided on a shape, and bend, without breaking, the lengthening fibers. To give the straight thing curve. To make of  the tree a song grown long in a linseed skin,the slick hot strake waiting to become parcel of  the round world again.They pluck my sleeve, tug my hand, pullmy hair. They do not kneel to kiss my hem.No, it’s not like that but they want tokens.Again, not souvenirs but something smalland useful, something that will help them outafter life, maybe in an underworld.They need a sighted guide to lead them tothe river, and they need a remnant ofthe old world as they embark for the older world,the one that has existed since the firstgrievous death. They need to feel they stillcan touch and still be touched, as once they didand were, and one would have to be a cold,uncaring woman to deny their pleas:a woman with a bulletproof  heart,without a memory of life on earth.Do I still long for my virginity?— Fragment 107    I never longed for my virginity.I heard it on the radio after the hurricane. There, in the aftermath, was the voice of a man —once the sweet, screwed-up boy whose hooded, jessed spirit I tried to possess with the ruthlessness I mistook for power. Here he was on NPR, so gentle, so familiar with devastation, his timbre woke the teenage falconer in me who once saw his kindness as weakness, saw a boy as an unfledged goshawk —a creature to trap and be trapped within darkened mews. I knew the rules: neither of us could sleep until the molting bird grew ravenous enough to take the raw mouse from my hand. Breaking the falconbroke us both, left us scared and less aware of  love than fear.What if   it were possible to vanquishAll this shame with a wash of   varnishInstead of wishing the stain would vanish?What if   you gave it a glossy finish?What if   there were a way to burnishAll this foolishness, all the anguish?What if   you gave yourself   leave to ravishAll these ravages with famished relish?What if   this were your way to flourish?What if   the self   you love to punish —Knavish, peevish, wolfish, sheepish —Were all slicked up in something lavish?Why so squeamish? Why make a fetishOut of everything you must relinquish?Why not embellish what you can’t abolish?What would be left if   you couldn’t brandishAll the slavishness you’ve failed to banish?What would you be without this gibberish?What if   the true worth of the varnishWere to replenish your resolve to vanquishEvery vain wish before you vanish?1 Nothing passes, Lord, but what you allow.Mornings the milky sap on my knucklesburns. Last night the piglets fought then suckled in the barn. Still no word. Our one cowgrazes but won’t come in. The pamphlets say: Patience is required. I say, let’s try againbut John blames the state, the neighbors, the way we wrote our bios, filling out the forms.Across the road our neighbor starts his truckwhile God, feather by feather, downs a wren —swollen, its black eyes shiny, small dark tongue.In the drainpipe, something slithers wet and stuck. A race runner? A ground skink shedding skin?Lizards, John tells me, can’t bear live young.2 John tells me: lizards can’t bear live young.Another of   God’s mysteries: hard rainmuddying the corn. The kind woman at the agency said, it takes longer for certaintypes of couplesThere are fewer introductionsIn plague years,Hands held back, jocularityNo longer bellicose,Even among men. Breathing’s generally wary,Labored, as they say, whenThe end is at hand.But this is the everyday intakeOf   the imperceptible life force,Willed now, slow —Well, just cautiousIn inhabited air.As for ongoing dialogue,No longer an exuberant plosiveTo make a point,But a new squirreling of air space,A new sense of   boundary.Genghis Khan said the handIs the first thing one man givesTo another. Not in this war.A gesture of   limited distanceNow suffices, a nod,A minor smile or a handSlightly raised,Not in search of   its counterpart,Just a warning withinThe acknowledgment to stand back.Each beautiful stranger a barbarianBreathing on the other side of the gate.The Butcher’s Apprentice, 1911–1914 by August Sander  The high white collar and the bowler hat,The black coat of respectability,The starched cuff and the brandished cigaretteAre what he has decided we will see,Though in the closet hangs an apron fleckedWith bits of  brain beside the rubber bootsStained brown from wading through the bloody slickThat by the end of every workday coatsThe killing floor he stands on. He declinesTo illustrate as in a children’s bookThe work he does, although it will defineHim every time the photograph he tookIs shown and captioned for posterity —Even as his proud eyes and carriage sayThat what he is is not what he would be,In a just world where no one had to slay.Fiddle no further, Führer. Rome is built.It took all day. Now let us solove the world. I’m just thinking out loud.My stigmata bring out my eyes.The smallpox uses every part of  the blanket,and the forest is a lady’s purse.The Indian is a pink Chihuahua peeking his head from the designer zipper.Out here it’s mostly light from the fifteenthcentury slamming into the planet.I can’t see the forest for the burn unit.All the planet does is bitch bitch bitch.I know it’s last minute but could you putout my eyes? At the subatomic level, helmeted gods help themselves to gold.Up here? The body’s an isolation ward.I took back the night. Wrested itfrom the Chinese, many of  whomwere shorter than me. Two billion outstretched Chinesehands, give or take a fewthousand amputees.A cheap knockoff, the nightproved to be — Noklanot Nokia on the touchscreen.Well, even Old Peng gotta eat,Confucius say. Or maybe thatwas Cassius Clay. In me, folks, a movable objectmeets a resistible force. I haven’t worked a day since the accidentof   birth. Born of  woman,my father the same. Make lovethen war. I’ll bring round the car.These children that I spit onare immune to my consultations.I’ll have none myself. It isn’t (Write it!) a fiasco. I am small, I contain platitudes.After the first sex, there is no other.I stick my gender in a blenderand click send. Voilà! Your new ex-girlfriend.You cuckold me with your husband.I move a box with Ludacris.The captain turns on, we begin our descent.Be gentle with me, I’m new to this.I say the wrong thing. I have OCD.My obsessive compulsions are disorderly.I say the wrong thing, did I already say?I drive my dominatrix away.The coyote drives her in a false-bottomed van.He drops her in the desert. The bluffs are tan.She’ll get a job at Chili’s picking up butts.I feel ya, Ophelia, I say to my nuts.And there is pansies. That’s for thoughts.And to the curious I say, Don’t be naïve.The soul, like a trinket, is a she.I lay down in the tweed of one man that first frost night.I did not like the wool of  him.You have one mitochondrial speck of evidence on your cleat.They can take you down for that.Did I forget to mention that when you’re deadYou’re dead a long time.My uncle, dying, told me this when asked, Why stay here for such suffering.A chimney swift flits through the fumatorium. I long for one last Blue democracy, Which has broke my heart a while.How many minutes have I left, the lover asked, To still be beautiful?I took his blond face in my hands and kissed him blondly ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; On his mouth.In a precisely lighted room, the CFO speaksof  start-to-start dependencies.Says let me loop back with you.Says please cascade as appropriate.It’s that time of morning, so we all can smellthe doughnut factory. If scent were whitenoise, doughnuts would be that scent.The factory won’t sell at any price.The building next to it burns the animalswe experiment on. I have workedon a few preclinical reports in my time. The rhesus monkeys becomeso desperate that they attempt suicide,over and over again. I am legally obligatedto spare you the particulars.How could things be any different?Here many choice molecules have been born.Here. This pill will dissolve like sugar.Your last five months will be good ones.Imagine, not even or really ever tastinga peach until well over 50, not oncesympathizing with Blake naked in his gardeninsisting on angels until getting off the tableand coming home with my new heart. How absurdto still have a body in this rainbow-gored,crickety world and how ridiculous to be given onein the first place, to be an objectlike an orchid is an object, or a stone,so bruisable and plummeting, armswaving from the evening-ignited lake,heading singing in the furnace feral and sweet,tears that make the face grotesque,tears that make it pure. How easyit is now to get drunk on a single whiff like a hummingbird or ant, on the laughterof one woman and who knew how much I’d missthat inner light of snow now that I’m in Texas.; ; ; ; ; ;   (there’ll be days like this.) ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;    — The Shirelles    These folks ’bout to respect me into the grave.At eighty Mama said, (mama said)   ; ;“People think you change when you’re old ; ;   but you still got a girl inside.” And men could see her, too ; ;— that pink silk dress —soothe that hotel bellboy ;    “Boy, I’m old enough ; ; to be your mama.”He coy ; ; “well, you ain’t.”But seventy is prime time for me to own what “elder” brings.I reap myself with the respect they sow.They don’t know I got the road wide open in me.My mother was married by the water. She wore a gray coat and a winter rose.She said her vows beside a cold seam of the Irish coast.She said her vows near the shore wherethe emigrants set down their consonantal n:on afternoon, on the end of everything, at the start of ever.Yellow vestments took in light.A chalice hid underneath its veil.Her hands were full of calla and cold-weather lilies.The mail packet dropped anchor.A black-headed gull swerved across the harbor.Icy promises rose beside a crosshatch of ocean and horizon.I am waiting for the words of the service. I am waiting for keep thee only and all my earthly. All I hear is an afternoon’s worth of never.In a hotel, even prayer feels adulterous,the skyline smudged in light, a distraction just before dusk. In the lobbya woman tells a stranger what she will dofor three hundred dollars, whatshe will do for four. Some have the custom of opening a book randomly with a question in mind. Some have the custom of  forgetting. At six my friend beat his father at chess, beat his father’s friends so easily he wondered if  they tried.At seven he shook the governor’s hand.Don’t call it a failure; call it knowledge:the peculiar taste that filled his mouth as if   he had bitten his cheek.Whatever he risked did not matter, whatever he could imagine was already lost. Bored, the other boy coughed into his hands.Blacksmithing demonstration, mountain arts and crafts fair, Monteagle, TN    “But can you forge a nail?” the blond boy asks,And the blacksmith shoves a length of  iron rodDeep in the coal fire cherished by the bellowsUntil it glows volcanic. He was a godBefore anachronism, before the tasksThat had been craft were jobbed out to machine.By dint of   hammer-song he makes his keen,Raw point, and crowns utility with rose:Quincunx of facets petaling its head.The breeze-made-visible sidewinds. The boy’sBlonde mother shifts and coughs. Once Work was wedTo Loveliness — sweat-faced, swarthy from soot, heReminds us with the old saw he employs(And doesn’t miss a beat): “Smoke follows beauty.”The animal of winter is dying, its white body everywhere in collapse and stabbed atby straws of   light, a leaving to believe in as the air slowly fills with darkness and water drains from the tub where my daughter, watching it lower around her, feeling it go, says about the only thing she can as if it were a long-kept breath going with her blessing of dribble and fleck.Down it swirls a living drillvanishing toward a landwhere tomorrow already fixes its bright eye on a manmuttering his way into a crowd,saying about the only thinghe can before his bodygoes boom. And tomorrow, I will count more dark shapes tumbling from the sky, birds returning to scarcity, offering in their seesawing songs a kind of   liquidity.After César Vallejo    The fury that breaks a grown-up into kids,a kid into scattered birdsand a bird into limp eggs,the fury of the poortakes one part oil to two parts vinegar.The fury that breaks a tree into leaves,a leaf into deranged flowersand a flower into wilting telescopes,the fury of the poorgushes two rivers against a hundred seas.The fury that breaks the true into doubts,doubt into three matching archesand the arch into instant tombs,the fury of the poordraws a sharpening stone against two knives.The fury that breaks the soul into bodies,the body into warped organs,and the organ into eight doctrines,the fury of the poorburns with one fire in two thousand craters.Compiling this landmark anthology of poetry in English about dogs and musical instruments is like swimming through bricks.  To date, I have only, “On the Death of Mrs. McTuesday’s Pug, Killed by a Falling Piano,” a somewhat obvious choice.  True, an Aeolian harp whispers alluringly  in the background of the anonymous sonnet, “The Huntsman’s ;  Hound,”  but beyond that — silence.  I should resist this degrading donkey-work in favor of my own ;  writing,  wherein contentment surely lies.  But A. Smith stares smugly from the reverse of the twenty pound ;  note,  and when my bank manager guffaws,  small particles of saliva stream like a meteor shower  through the infinity of dark space between his world and mine.A huge purple door washed up in the bay overnight,its paintwork blistered and peeled from weeks at sea.The town storyteller wasted no time in getting to work:the beguiling, eldest girl of a proud, bankrupt farmerhad slammed that door in the face of a Freemason’s son,who in turn had bulldozed both farm and familyover the cliff, except for the girl, who lived nowby the light and heat of a driftwood fire on a beach.There was some plan to use the door as a jettyor landing-stage, but it was all bullshit, the usual idle talk.That’s when he left and never returned. Him I won’t name — not known for his big ideas or carpentry skills,a famous non-swimmer, but last seen sailing out,riding the current and rounding the point in a small boatwith tell-tale flashes of almost certainly purple paint.Two sisters of ancient Greece both laid claimTo the finest, fairest rear of their time.Which tail forged ahead? Which bottom’s true fameTopped? Which back was in front, which terce most prime?A judge chose the elder girl’s back matter;Her finish was more fine and far matter.She got the prize, and his heart; soon they wed.“But the younger’s sitter’s not a smatterLess meet; I’ll marry her,” his brother said.It went so well, their joys were so perfected,That after them a temple was erectedIn honor of  Venus Callipygus.No other church — though I don’t know its rite —Could so, from head to epididymis,Move me with deep devotion to its site. ;   Translated from the French of  Jean de La Fontaine, Contes, Part I, 6.Evening falls. Someone’s playing a dulcimerNorthampton-style, on the porch out back.Its voice touches and parts the air of summer,as if  it swam to time us down a riverwhere we dive and leave a single trackas evening falls. Someone’s playing a dulcimerthat lets us wash our mix of dreams together.Delicate, tacit, we engage in our act;its voice touches and parts the air of summer.When we disentangle you are not with herI am not with him. Redress calls for tact.Evening falls. Someone’s playing a dulcimerstill. A small breeze rises and the leaves stiras uneasy as we, while the woods go black;its voice touches and parts the air of summerand lets darkness enter us; our strings go slackthough the player keeps up his plangent attack.Evening falls. Someone’s playing a dulcimer;its voice touches and parts the air of summer.That the dead are real to usCannot be denied, That the living are more realWhen they are deadTerrifies, that the dead can riseAs the living do is possibleIs possible to surmise, But all the stars cannot come nearAll we meet in an eye.Flee from me, fear, as sootFlies in a breeze, do not burn Or settle in my sight, I’ve tasted you long enough,Let me savorSomething otherwise.Who wakes beside me nowSuits my soul, so I turn to wordsOnly to say he changesInto his robe, rustles a page,He raises the lid of the pianoTo release what’s born in its cage.If   words come back To say they compromise Or swear again they have died,There’s no news in that, I reply,But a music without notesThese notes comprise, stillAs spring beneath us lies, Already something otherwise.What kind of delusion are you under?The life he hid just knocked you flat.You see the lightning but not the thunder.What God hath joined let no man put asunder.Did God know you’d marry a rat?What kind of delusion are you under?His online persona simply stunned heras it did you when you started to chat.You see the lightning but not the thunder.To the victors go the plunder:you should crown them with a baseball bat.What kind of delusion are you under?The kind that causes blunder after blunder.Is there any other kind than that?You see the lightning but not the thunder,and for one second the world’s a wonder.Just keep it thrilling under your hat.What kind of delusion are you under?You see the lightning but not the thunder.All those poems I wroteAbout living in the skyWere wrong. I live on a leafOf   a fern of   frost growingUp your bedroom windowIn forty below.I live on a needle of   a branchOf   a cedar tree, hard-bitten,Striving in six directions,Rooted in rock, a cedarTree made of other trees,Not cedar but fir,Lodgepole, and blue spruce,Metastasizing likeBacteria to the fan-Lip of a draw to drawWater as soon as it slipsFrom the snowdrift’s gripAnd flows downward fromBranch to root — a treeRunning in reverse.Or I live on a thorn on a trellis —Trained, restrained, maybeCut back, to hold upThose flowers I’ve only heard ofTo whatever there is and isn’tAbove.The Traveler’s Vade Mecum, line 4234    Baking two parts flour to one part water could stop a bullet. So good soldiers carried their hardtack over their hearts. Break it down with a rifle butt, flood it, fry it in pig fat to make hellfire stew.Gnaw it raw and praise the juice.Does wheat prepare for this as it grows,seeking the light in a half-thawed field?Do stalks know their strength is merely in their number? What is ground downwe name flour in promise that it will be made useful. Otherwise, it’s just dust. Sheet iron crackers. Teeth-dullers.Would you call it starving, if a man dieswith hardtack still tucked in his pocket?Can you call it food, if the bullet comes onlyat the moment he gives in and swallows?At Waffle House, they fired her on the spot:“You talk too much!” ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; She’d told her customersThat “made” gets “mad” and “poet” goes to “pot”Without the letter e. The “amateurs,”She’d said, “inherit everything: the sand,The stars, the world that only God possesses.”While washing dishes with a bleeding hand,She’d told them, “through ‘possession’s’ double ‘esses’There’s a line that cleaves; things come apart;‘Refrain’ means both ‘hold back’ and ‘go again’;Things join in wholes of which they are a part.”She “touched” the people. Was it such a sin?Her broken pencil left a double lineOn my tab, both legible as one design.Agion Oros, 2006    The air is cool and is right thick with birdsongas our bleary crew files out, of a sudden disinterred from three sepulchral hours of prayerinto an amber brilliance riotingoutside the cemetery chapel. With bitsof   Greek and English intermixed, the monksinvite us to the portico for coffee, παξιμάδια, a shot of cold ρακί.As I say, the air is cool, animate and lit, and in such light the road already beckons, so I skip the coffee, pound the shot, and pocket two hard biscuits. And yes, the way is broad at first, but narrows soon enough. παξιμάδια — pahximáthia — Greek biscotti; ρακί — rahkeé — Greek grappaA psalm of Isaak, amid uncommon darkness    O Being both far distant and most near, ; ;   O Lover embracing all unlovable, O Tender ; ;   Tether binding us together, and binding, yea ; ;   and tenderly, Your Person to ourselves,Being both beyond our ken, and kindred, One ; ;   whose dire energies invest such clay as ours ; ;   with patent animation, O Secret One secreting ; ;    life anew into our every tissue moribund, ; ;   afresh unto our stale and stalling craft, grant in this obscurity a little light.The King asks, “Tell me, what is the highest meaning of the holiest truths?”The Seer answers, “Emptiness, without holiness.”The King is a restless seeker.The Seer is a ruler and thief.I am seriously watching how trees are always missing some leaves.They sweep the air looking for them. Nothing distracts them. Nothing.Where leaves are missing between the branches, beautiful sun porches, which disappear when the tree reaches them.“Who are you?” the King asks.“It is not like that,” the Seer says.The Seer leaves the King alone in his throne roomand starts walking to China, kicking up gravel,hurrying to find the next king.On the road between country houses, he stops to listen to trees digging the air for crickets.He wonders whether the King is mad now like the trees,or dancing and recounting the story without an end.P.S. You will Do well to try to Innoculate the Indians by means of Blanketts, as well as to try Every other method that can serve to Extirpate this Execrable Race. ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   — General Jeffery Amherst in a letter dated  July 16, 1763    Over the warming ground, swings toll like clock tower bells.Squirrels spiral the trunk of a pine.We fill a pail with sand. The day is robin’s eggshell fine.My mother’s shoulder had three shallow scars.Shining archipelago.The quiet theaters of our lives. Immune is a sung word, skirting sorrow.Kneeling at no registry of toddlers with amorphous voices.Night sweats without monument.The lake has the sea on its breath.One man has an island.The ship wherein Theseus and the youth of Athens returned had thirty oars, and was preserved by the Athenians    ...    for they took away the old planks as they decayed, putting in new and stronger timber in their place, insomuch that this ship became a standing example among the philosophers, for the logical question of things that grow; one side holding that the ship remained the same, and the other contending that it was not the same. — Plutarch, Vita Thesel    The answer of course is that the shipdoesn’t exist, that “ship”is an abstraction, a conception,an imaginary tarp thrownacross the garden of the real.The answer is that the cheappeasantry of things toils all dayin the kingdom of  language,every ship like a casketof words: bulkhead, transom,mast stepsWhen you said no, ; ;    I went for your dresser, opened the top drawer, ; ;    broke the paper seals on the two sterile cups, ; ;    and wiped my dirty thumbs inside. ; ;    Because our stubborn love won’t die, I have to kill it, ; ;   will it dead. Or so I thought until I passed ; ;    a cycle on my own. You’ve no idea ; ;    what’s grown inside me ; ;   since I bled.My transgressions pile against the garden wall(built when Rome began to weaken, scarred by a cannonball.) I gossiped; I snubbed a dinner guest. I watch until the wall writhes with awful feral cats fed by shrunken widows and the odd librarian. I’ve begun to be depleted by your absence; one of  love’s worst symptoms. For years, I’d had the sense to hold myself apart. I’ve been here long enough to kill two mint plants and a lavender, then resurrect their better part.I’d like to let you die on the vine. Not you, the You I Dream, who follows through on waking. See how the watcher sees the storm but doesn’t get wet. Be that. Be what? Be wiser than the heart.You are food.You are here for meto eat. Fatten up,and I will like you better.Your brother will be first,you must wait your turn.Feed him yourself, you willlearn to do it. You will take himeggs with yellow sauce, muffinstorn apart and leaking butter, fried meatslate in the morning, and always sweetsin a sticky parade from the kitchen.His vigilance, an ice pick of   hungerpricking his insides, will meltin the unctuous cream fillings.He will forget. He will thank youfor it. His little finger stuck every daythrough cracks in the barswill grow sleek and round,his hollow face swelllike the moon. He will stop dreamingabout fear in the woods without food.He will lean toward the mawof   the oven as it opensevery afternoon, sighingbetter and better smells.For Burn Construction Company    When you were building the i-10 bypass, one of   your dozers, moving earth at the center of a great pit, slipped its thick blade beneath the water table, slicing into the earth’s wet palm, and the silt moistened beneath the huge thing’s tires, and the crew was sent home for the day. Next morning, water filled the pit. Nothing anyone could do to stop it coming. It was a revelation: kidney-shaped, deep green, there between the interstate and the sewage treatment plant. When nothing else worked, you called it a lake and opened it to the public. And we were the public.You tell me a joke about two robbers who hide from the police. One robber hides as a sack of cats and the other robber hides as a sack of potatoes. That is the punch line somehow, the sack of potatoes, but all I can think about is how my dad used to throw me over his shoulder when I was very small and call me his sack of potatoes. I’ve got a sack of potatoes he would yell, spinning around in a circle, the arm not holding me reaching out for a sale. Does anyone want to buy my sack of potatoes? No one ever wanted to buy me. We were always the only two people in the room.Teach me a fruit of  yourcountry I asked and so you dippedinto a shop and in your handheld me a thick yellow pineconeno knife between usyou put it to your teethsideways like a bird and bitand peeled away the fleshyscales or were they petalscrisp white at the corepeppered with black seedssweet and light like a cold cloudlike some exotic sherbet carriedhand over hand from a mountaintopby a relay of runners straightwayto the Inca’s high tablewe sat on metal chairsstill pebbled with rain the seatof my pants damp we passed itback and forth no matter howcarefully we could not helpspilling the juice makingour cheeks sticky our fingersgetting sticky our fingers nonot even once touchingStand up carcass and walkNothing new under the yellow sunThe last of  the last of  the louis d’orThe light that separatesunder the skins of  timeThe lock in the heart that shattersA thread of  silkA thread of  leadA thread of  bloodAfter these waves of  silenceThese tokens of  love in black horsehairThe sky smoother than your eyeThe neck twisted with prideMy life in the corridorFrom which I see the undulating harvests of deathAll those greedy hands kneading loaves of smokeHeavier than the pillars of  the universeHeads empty Hearts bareHands scentedTentacles of  the monkeys who aim at the cloudsAmong the wrinkles of  these grimacesA straight line tightensA nerve twistsThe sea satedLoveThe bitter smile of  deathPoor thing, she holds him on her lap,the godless hidden god,causing the lipsof   those that sleep to speak.Cold shadow of   the whiteacanthus in its tiptoe dance.Buy the truthand sell it not.A lion is in the streets,there is a lion in the way.My niece, the little siren, taught her the slang:mad   married   fiancée.Dido has a quiver,she wears a spotted lynxskin and a belt. My undefiled is not herselftonight, but one thing’s forever:I just saw the video explainingthe neighborhood applause,a book of anthems where sirensplunge into the gold of the initialsat that karaoke party for her boyfriend. We cooked up all the goodies and faunscome through the windows.That’s her thing.“I like this path to darkness”she keeps saying.Whatever party fame's doing to herchances for a quick trial. Barbarella can’t touch her Goldilocks.That dog don't birdfor she coming back or not.A rung’s come broken in the ladder to the mowand so one hesitates to clamber up therejust to bomb a cowwith dung or bother swallows from their rafter cakes. It takesa new footing some-where in the ribs’ treads, about heart- height, to climb it now. A new gap’s inthe smile that smilesfrom the limed barn floor. There seems to come a break in the war. But soon, oneof a neighbor’s sons, too young to know it was otherwise once, braves it, and soon, even with a sweater-swaddled kitten or a BB gun, all the kids can do it again, nearly at a run, like pros, andso it goes, as before.The glassy hill I clomb for thee    For surefooted step, hooves behoove the haver. The sky redid blue, the woman wavered,and the black bull (the vanquisher), vanished.She called out to nothing, and in vain shed tears until she reached the glass hill’s impasse. Served her standard fairy tale penance, passim,served her seven to be given ironshoes to — at last — scale the hill, the earnedneared end. Each step conquered territory,at last, the sleeping prince-once-bull, torrid tearing of clothes, tearing on one’s clothes, three nights of thisuntil the prince awakes. How she, exhausted,must have felt in the at long last, the ever after.Happily, I guess, but a long time until laughter.After “E. 1999 Eternal” by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony    Dear god of armed robberies and puff-puff-pass,a chalk outline unpeels from the street, smashes every windshield, and leaves florid temples of crack on porches. Burnt-black pleats of   joint-pressed lipsprophesied your return. Please accept these nickel bags as offerings. Brick bastions of piss-stench thresholds and boarded windows require a weekly sacrifice.Is there a Tarot card called “The Corner,” a shrike shown lifting a corpse from the pike of a middle finger?Children speak to their murdered brothers with a cereal box and construction paper cut into a Ouija’s tongue that licks yes when asked if   liquor could polish a skull in a way pleasing to the dead, licks no when asked for a name.Dirt on my chin and I wonder: am I alreadyin the ground? Like a toy turned real, I cannot shedthe sense that I have died. The German wordfor Heaven’s the sameas the German word for sky. On hearing a cruelprince was in danger, I prayed for him to thrive,not for his own sake, but for the concubines,sure to end up buriedalong. To my real face, a man once crowedi ruined you, and though he did, the joke’son him: he ruined me only for this world,and this world is not longfor itself. The Earth, that ever-lovingbut distrustful kin, keeps leaving us just a littlepocket money when it dies, never the land —What I adore is not horses, with their moderndomestic life span of 25 years. What I adoreis a bug that lives only one day, especially ifit’s a terrible day, a day of train derailment orchemical lake or cop admits to cover-up, a daywhen no one thinks of anything else, least of allthat bug. I know how it feels, born as I’ve beeninto these rotting times, as into sin. Everybody’sbusy, so distraught they forget to kill me,and even that won’t keep me alive. I sharemy home not with horses, but with a little dogwho sees poorly at dusk and menaces stumps,makes her muscle known to every statue.I wish she could have a single day of   language,so that I might reassure her don’t be afraid —our whole world is dead and so can do you no harm.Close to thedoor inmy dream thesmall signsI saw a brownsign with wisdomon itI saw a brownone leaningwith wisdomon itfringe of a mirrormy mother leaning over a pondcupping waterleaning againstthe mouldingcardboard or wood which materials do youdoes your wisdom preferwhich a-partment in a summerwith someone I felt brave tohave touched her love the screendoor and the dogsand the cats alwaysgetting out. Thatwas the feartwo signsfading but recallingthey had faded like wordsfade in stone becauseof the rain and the daysand waking and the dreamis leaving with everystep leaning over the meatbecause I do not want you to have died in vainkissing the turkey and the neck of  my dogall animals am I. all dreams, all stoneall message am I.the car had a cover over itand it was over the wheelsand it hurt my ass and I couldn’t sleep. It seems I should move, go forward nowI was wandering through the jungleanywhere on earth but I was a womanin bed in New York and how many people have died in wild placesdreaming you were still in bedwould you know. Travel wellI said to my dog when shewent on her journey thinkingof a cheap movieI’ve thought this was an urnturning this was on waterthis was flatbut now I see light betweenthe trees I see water tricklingthrough stone this is not made of   language but energythat will stop when I diethe dream dies tooone boltI’m playing with the devil’s cockit’s like a crayonit’s like a fat burnt crayonI’m writing a poem with itI’m writing that downall that rattling heat in this roomI’m using thatI’m using that tingling rattlethat light in the middle of the roomit’s my hostI’ve always been afraid of youscared you’re god and something elseI’m afraid when you’re yellowtawnywhite it’s okay. Transparent coolyou don’t look like homemy belly is homelessflopping over the waist of my jeans like an omelettethere better be something about feeling fatwhat there really is is a lack of emptinessI’m aiming for that empty feelinggoing to get some of thatand then I’ll be backThe boy and the girl were mostly gesture,a clouded outline, the pencil lifting, loweringto get at the idea of childhood, not the sour milkand scraped knee of it. Her skirt was a swoopof ink, his hand invisible in an undrawn pocket.Circles make up the majority of the face. We are all circlesand planar suggestion. If  the girl wants to be a horseshe need only walk into the outline of oneand line up her body with the chest. We’ll fill inthe rest, and before you know it, she’s a natural.Who will ride her? The boy doesn’t know how.He has a hankering to sketch in a saddle.When she tosses her head, he mocks up a bridle.He mocks her. A bridle for a bride, he says,which doesn’t seem like what little boys say,but he wasn’t so little, and she didn’t run away.I want to make beautiful things, even if nobody cares.    To make, you first have ; ;  to create materials. Re: man, we knowthe rib removed. But, before — ? ; ;   Forget ash to ash, dust ; ; ; ;    &c. ; ; ; ;    Stick a floating rib (i.e. thoracic11–12, y’know — “Edenic”) in a glass ; ;   of  water with the promise ; ; ; ;    it’ll grow ; ;  roots like leek or fur ; ; ; ;    like chia. The joke’s Crusoe ; ;   astride the bone or   Jim & Huck paddlingrustic as a ballpoint pen will go. ; ;   — Nn-o. ; ; ; ;   (That’s not a plankthere was a remember when the mama was my girlthe mama was in my girl biding to turnmy girl turn mama when what I got turn to girl in hermy girl in my girl make my girl mama they both mineall three I remember a when when I only dreamed dreams but my dreams are remembers nowthey a whenthat when was when the girl I made of mama I made a mama with what I got I tell what I tell but I know what I know only a man make his dream a remember and ain’t I a manwhat’s mine is mine to turn to what I dream what I make mine to make mine I won’t ’bide what won’t turnWe liked to stick it in a bb gun and shoot it. We tattooed with it. We said hallelujah, the poor man’s tanning lotion. Then the frack wells began, something black capping the water and we got high watching a green-backed heron die. We got funny at Clarion, flung each other’s underwear into the trees. Why was it we got naked there and nowhere else? Maybe we knew we were getting good and ugly, rusted inside as the trucks we rode into the water. Maybe we knew we only appeared to be floating, but soon and wholly we’d go under, and there would be nothing of return.Just seen, running, and silver-grayalong the top tube of a fence between myrtles and me,too slinky for a bird and even at this distanceunmistakably a quadruped andnimble, some sort of unspoiled animal, but which?It ran as if awayfrom a threat, peril was everywhere,a footsole crunches it, it is mangledby a tire’s treads, hawk scoops it, turkey buzzardpecks at it, no speech mitigates its pains,even the cat fools with it, until, inedible,it is kicked into the gutter. There she goes,the slinky silver-gray Atalanta of reptilesvanishes in no time, for the windwhisks from her feet such tenuous gusts of air —brisk now where turnpikes stretch their webs,and not forever can an earthinessso sweet as this propel such grace.She’ll have got to the mantis eggs by now,at each gulp of hatchlingshe slowly blinks with satisfaction.were some quite creepy men — one used to lie downon the dayroom floor, then get us all to pile on top of him — and a basilisk-eyed matron in a blue uniform with a watch dangling beneath her rightcollarbone. Thump thumpthump went her footsteps, making the asbestos ceiling tiles quiver, and mewant to hide, or run like a rabbitin a fire . . . ; ; ; ;What we lost, we lostforever. A minor devil played at chess with us, forcing the pieces to levitate and hover, flourishing swords, in midair. I’d grasp them now, the orotund bishop, the stealthyknight, the all-knowing queen, but they dissolvein my fingers, refuse to return to the board, to their squares.The shed ;   behind the barn behind the red cottage I waitfor her in the fescue grass the rye ;   I hear it grow over meWait for my friends in the distance ;   on fire their full headsof rust (I love how the clothing drips off them ;   I hear myself say)If the beekeeper doesn’t ;   come chasing behind with a hatchetI’ll wait behind Cobb’s barn ;   watching the distant housesShe will come down this road ;   my shadow is paving for hera stalk of honey ;   and the rye grass grows from her arms(She was raised in these hills ;   looking down on Elk Creek)and behind her the bluegrass ;   it’s reaching to touch her ankleThe rat traps emptied, the grain troughs filled.The distance between sheep shed and my own ice-melt dripping on the matequals the diameter of moonlight squaredon his face as he looks upand finds me again. Sayshe’s sure I’d been swallowedby the elements, says he’d beenabout to come looking. I step intothe warm. Two baas from out backwhere I’d worked. Two tufts of woolhe lifts from my hair. In just such a manner are sleek blue wordsslyly acquired by a wispywhiter-than-snow page. He’s seen ithappen. Seen a tear of mine, then two,well up and slip loose as the little boat of orgasmveers into the vortex.South Vietnam, April 29, 1975: Armed Forces Radio played Irving Berlin’s “White Christmas” as a code to begin Operation Frequent Wind, the ultimate evacuation of American civilians and Vietnamese refugees by helicopter during the fall of Saigon. ; ; ; Milkflower petals on the street ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   like pieces of a girl’s dress.May your days be merry and bright ...He fills a teacup with champagne, brings it to her lips. ; ;  Open, he says. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;She opens. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;    Outside, a soldier spits out ; ;  his cigarette as footsteps ; ; ; ; ;   fill the square like stones fallen from the sky. May allRecall the carousel. Its round and round.Its pink lights blinking off and on. The children’s faces painted garish colors againstan institutional wall. And the genetics. The We won’t be here too long  ...    Do not step off  ...The carousel? Do you recall? As ifwe were our own young parents suffering againafter so many hundreds of hours of bliss. And even the startling fact that what had always been feared might come to pass: A familiar sweater in a garbage can.A surgeon bent over our baby, wearing a mask. But surely you recall how happily and for how longwe watched our pretty hostages go round. They waved at us too many times to count.Their dancing foals. Their lacquered mares. Even a blue-eyed hunting hound was still allowed back then.Jesus, I want my sins back.My prattle, pride, and private prices — climbing, clinching, clocking — I might loan you a few for the evening, so you don’t show up at your own crucifixionnaked of all purpose.But for God’s sake, don’t spill anyredemption on them! They’re mysignature looks. Body by Envy.Make up & wardrobe provided by Avarice. Lord,if you take away my inordinate cravings,what the hell’s left? Do you knowhow much I paid for my best rages?I want them all back if they’reso To Die For. Else shred my palms,wash my face with spit, let the whip unlace my flesh and free the naked blood, let me be tumbled to immortalitywith the stew of flood debristhat is my life.1.   smoke above the burning bush2.   archnemesis of summer night3.   first son of soil4.   coal awaiting spark & wind5.   guilty until proven dead6.   oil heavy starlight7.   monster until proven ghost8.   gone9.   phoenix who forgets to un-ash10. going, going, gone11. gods of shovels & black veils12. what once passed for kindling13. fireworks at dawn14. brilliant, shadow hued coral15. (I thought to leave this blank ;  but who am I to name us nothing?)16. prayer who learned to bite & sprint17. a mother’s joy & clutched breathLesson of the day: Syria and Styria.For Syria, read: His conquering banner shook from Syria.And for Styria: Look at this harp of  blood, mapping.Now I am tuned. I am going to go abovemy voice for the sake of the forest shakenon the bitumen. You can see stars in the skulls,winking, synapses, intermittent, on edgeof shriek — perhaps a cluster of fir, birches? — Anyways. Don’t get too hung upon the terms; they have entropyin common, bad for the public weal,those obtuse centurions in the flareof the bougainvillea, their patent-seekinggift kindled. Divers speech. Cruelty.Justice. Never mind, but dopay attention to the skirmish — the whitepanther that flitters up the pole — its shade grows large on the ground.A furnace in my father’s voice; I prayed for the coal stove’sroses, a cruise ship lit like a castleon fire in the harbor we never walked,father and son, father drifting downthe ferned hell his shanty shone, where,inside, in my head, the lamp was the lamp.The market, the park, the library not a soulbut grandmother’s morning wash lifting toward heaven,the barrister sun punished my sister, I stared at my handin a book, the horizon declined in my mouth.My little earthshaker, visored in placenta,wonder of wonders, tremulous in amnioticshield, ensouled already, father in the veritablenight, without house or harbor, soon sea in a voice will harrowa scorpion’s blaze in me, to the marrow.Exuberance sips bootleg gin from a garter flaskwith a ruby monogram “E.”She wears a red dress one size too small,eyes wide, she flirts with everyone, daresLincoln Beachey to fly until he runs out of gas,rides a dead engine all the way down.She watches Ormer Locklear climbout of the cockpit two hundred feet up,tap dance on his upper wingas the houses of  honest familieswith their square-fenced yardsslide below his shuffle. An oval pondwinks in the sun, like a zero.Exuberance challenges pilotsto master the Falling Leaf, perfect the Tailspin,ignore the Graveyard Spiral, the Doom Loop.These aviators predict every American will fly.Exuberance believes Everybody Oughtto Be RichAfter the murder, I called a meetingto see if we were happy. I declaredI was not — I said I liked the manwe shot. You all disagreed with this.I asked if you knew him, his wife,none of you did. “Kill me, then,”I said. You all stared at me. “Why,Bernard? Of course we won’t.”“Why not?” I said. “He was a goodman, a better man than me. Andlook at what I’ve brought you — rubbish, dodgy tales, dross.”“Easy to dismiss that,” you said.“We appreciated it all. And youwandered the wild paths to bringit back to us — your songs, yourlegends, magic stories, your gold.”I thanked you, but shook my head.The good man was dead. I didn’t carewhat I’d brought you. I needed to go.I packed up my sagas, my song lyrics,my alchemy potions, my gold, andI disappeared.Tightened jaw, I did not love.Flashback of myself  jerked about,legs high above my head, menlaughing, I came to sea drifts,movement and crashing. I found I amnot so far from God exploding.Gifting, a friend once said, is why we live.Seven storks still and white on a gold lake.My lazy eye glances back to that originalsplit, myself  high above myself.Whiplashed into forgetting, I didn’t knowhours from minutes. I was hypervigilant forcatastrophes. My head raging then numb.The early garden bare, and now,shocked with sudden memory,I return to changing sky hues,blooms of lilac bursting along sidewalks.Lazy in the grass, I free myself of guilt,imagine musicians in the park, us overcomingourselves. My eyes open before stars.Holy these leaves, these skies.What is torn opens for the light.Only sometimes does homegrown bedrock glow moneygreen. ;Sometimes rock whines mommy. Sometimes rock coos baby. ;Sometimes rock calls late with the mortgage. Sometimes rock ;knits shoulder blades right where you can’t pluck.Early mornings something doesn’t sit right over the sink. Sits crooked. ;Slumps askew. Body doesn’t lay the way you left it. Squinting gets ;you nowhere. You squat to the floor and feel around. Stop. Smell ;for it. Shrug. Still some dangling something modifies you. ;Smackdab midchest you feel lumpy empty. Sniff. Sniff.Shrug.Like those days we grab our own pickaxes and head down to the    mine. We hum worksongs. We sing hymns. We chip worry stone.    We gather moss. We lie flat. We scratch at the mineshaft. Not ;toward exit but deeper to the core.This night nurse is different.She walks into my room and does not turn the light on.She thinks I am sleeping.I have just barely opened my left eye,am looking through the slightest slit,as moonlight exposes the roomfor what it really is — a collectionof surfaces; lines and planes, mostly.The night nurse puts a foot up on the radiatorand braces her clipboard on her kneeas she appears to take down a few notes.I imagine she is working on a sonnet,and that her ankle looks like polished walnut.You imagine she is working on a crossword,and that her feet are killing her.The slightest slit is like an old gateat a Japanese tea garden at night,in the rain, that is supposed to be closed,that is supposed to be locked.“Someone has locked up poorly,” you’d say.“Incorrectly.” But no one has asked you.The fair rolled into town surprisingly intact, like a plate unbreakable because it has been dropped and glued so many timesthat it is all glue and no plate. The fair was no fair. But, oh, it was a thrill!The fair slid into town just as a clown slides into pants. The fit was loose but right.The sheriff  had a job directing traffic.The barber was the sheriff  for a night,and people paid to see a human ape.They frowned to find her happy and alive.The fair spilled into town like a box of tacks.Later that month, in with the rest at church, were people no one knew,though none could tell exactly who was who.Metaphor ;metaphor ;my pestilential aesthetic ; A tsunami powers through ;my mother’s ruinsDelta ;delta ;moist loins of the republic ; Succumb to the low-lying succubus ;do!Flagpole ;flagpole ;my father’s polemics ; A bouquet of ;fuck-u-bastard flowersFist me ;embrace me ;with your phantom limbs ; Slay me ;with your slumlord ;panegyricsFlip over ;so I can see your pastoral mounts ; Your sword ;slightly parting ;from the scabbardGirl skulls ;piled like fresh-baked loaves ; A foul wind ;scours my mother’s cadaverOrnamental ;Oriental ;techno ;impresarios ; I am your parlor rug ;your chamber baubleLove me ;stone me ;I am all yours ; Pound ;Pound ;my father’s EzraFreedom ;freedom ;flageolet-tooting   girlsDancing ;on the roof ;of the maquiladorasIn reality my lovesare the strange box of a Polish dollThe blonde’s eyes appearingfixed to her hips long after midnightthe garret always singular to loosena massive mane across her back, its strandsthick and fine drapingher otter-like chinDeliberately she’d peer out from the wall and nothing could be seen but the shadow of  her breastshidden beneath marmots of  hairAnd lovely was her skin’s radianceat that unusual hourHer waist’s digressionseasily discernedas bees through grassthe window neither open nor closedWhat I saw, yellow like crystal,rose from sleepy thighsamassed in unseemly tourniquetsEverything before me, a pale shimmerof  hairs fanning delicatelyto reveal the pink or green skin I no longer knowof  hips a million centimetersfrom my gaze.With razorblade eyes ; ; ; ;   The Filipina is most sincereWith too much water ; ; ; ;  And will make a very good wife.With animal teeth ; ; ; ; ;   The Filipina is a loyal partner,We sometimes kill ; ; ; ; ;   Deserving of all your love.With splintered hands ; ; ; ;The Filipina is the total package,With too much life ; ; ; ; ;  Much more than meets the eye.With ribcage unlocked ; ; ;    The Filipina is not for you,We wither your roots ; ; ; ; If  you cannot handle her claws.Men around a submarinemoored in Sydney Harbourclose to the end of wartimeshowed us below, down into their oily, mesh-lit gangwayof bunks atop machines.In from the country, weweren’t to know our shillingsbought them cigars and threadfor what remained of Holland’s Glory:uniforms, odd, rescued aircraft,and a clutch of undersea boatspatrolling from Fremantle. The men’scountry was still captive, their greatIndies had seen them ousted,their slaves from centuries backwere still black, and their queenwas in English exile.The only ripostes still opento them were torpedoesand their throaty half-American-sounding language.Speaking a luckier one we set off home then. Homeand all that word would meanin the age of rebirthing nationswhich would be my time.Last time I fell in a shower roomI bled like a tumbril dandyand the hotel longed to be rid of me.Taken to the town clinic, Idescribed how I tripped on a steel rimand found my head in the wardrobe.Scalp-sewn and knotted and flaggedI thanked the Frau Doktor and fled,wishing the grab-bar of age mightbe bolted to all civilizationand thinking of Rome’s eighth hillheaped up out of broken amphorae.When, anytime after sixty,or anytime before, you stumbleover two stairs and club your foreheadon rake or hoe, bricks or fuel-drums,that’s the time to call the purveyorof steel pipe and indoor railings,and soon you’ll be grasping up landingshaving left your balance in the carfrom which please God you’ll neversee the launchway of tires off a brink.Later comes the sunny day whenstreet detail whitens blindly to mauveand people hurry you, or wait, quiet.It was a matter of wearing gloves wellwhile lunching, while conquering Dubrovnik;of, no one would care how, evading Hell.Diverse employments made gentlemen tick:Christmas turkeys; circulating trophies;pedestal stacked upon pedestal. Todaysilence has come to see what no one sees,it’s always grim at the start of the play.Fellows, who wait à propos their introsclawing at the panels, such shrill tigers,thrive unthreading the hems of the heroes.Friends of our late friend are minor-leaguersnever to be called up but good as types,people who will hook bras to the flagpole,bake chocolate for a gray stranger  ...    She wipesaway red records of the stocks you stole  ...    Yesterday, books were thrown from the third floor,out the window, they sank in pairs like shoes,and I watch violet swords on a white shore,blade-tip laid across blade-tip, where it snows.A sycamore grove, and in its limbsthe orchestra played Má vlast, so I sawboughs bouncing and tuxedo legsswinging sap-spotted above the splayedblades of the ground feathered blackin moss, in the sweat of the set sun,and the players’ faces where moths roosted,where leaf-points drew water-stripeson brows and eyelids, their handsthat stirred in pollen like a fog, were maskedby birds’ nests and bows and flaking vines.That you were last to climb down,trumpet tied to your back with blue twine,is the only thing I believe in,and after you landed, driftingthrough a stream, in a mat of orange needles,you whistled to what light could floatthrough the leaves’ screen and canopy, diffuselike tracing tissue, a scrum of benday dots, ; ;  and not much at that,now that more than the concert has ended, ; ; ; ; ;   my musician.All hail the crumbling stone monument to the Battle of Bad Axe, the wooden helvelong rotted and burned, the short walk to the river,where we can bathe in its brown,where a steamboat ghost huffs out a stream of bullets. We are invulnerableto their spectral lead, descendants of fur traders (beaver, ermine,skunk). Our lungs are clean and pink. Let’s visitthe saw shop, the greenhouse with bluff views,the pines and stacks of firewood,the Blackhawk general store, named forthe warrior who waved a chalky,misunderstood flag and eluded capturefor weeks. In winter, eaglesdive here, gathering lift when the windhits the bluffs: all hail the migratingraptor, its piercing talon and yellow cere.Miep managed to snap them up for 27.50 guilders. Burgundy-colored suede and leather  ...     ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; — Anne Frank, Tuesday, August 10, 1943    When Miep took us home with herShe held us up in the air,Eye-level with those eyesYou may know, eyes spellingSorrow-girl, wait-for-me,Happiness-around-a-corner-One-day, hurry-back, don’t-tell.Two new hands took us in,Skin cradling skin.How empty we had been,Only a little bit worn —Not a penny, not a pebbleDwelling within.We became an altar,An offering red as wine,A wishing well.She was made to carry usNear and far,We were made to bearThe pressure of her feetIn darkness, in light,Their sweetness, their heat.We were getting used to her.Miep calls us a handsome pair.Yes, I was jealous when you threw the glass.I wanted the shattering against the wood-paneled floor for myself,to be the sudden diaspora of its pieces across the apartment — and last nightwhen we fought, I wanted you to hit me so badly I begged.And the other day walking past Renewal-on-the-Bowery,when one of the men smoking unsteadily outsidecalled me a faggot, I thought: Good. People get what they deserve.Then I wished I were more like Jesus — capable of lovingall people and all things always, capable of nothingbut love. I waste half my wishes this way,wishing to be virtuous. The rest, well,I don’t have to tell you, do I?We hadn’t got color up till then. And if I had a nickel, why, that was for milk. Milk money: the money a body gained.Was just me on that hillside and the kite, red & white waked up into the wind. Hardly anybody knew me then.Oh, Lord how quickly the things of this world came and went. Practically the first thing I notice when I get back.Wind, and I am lifted. Wind and I am hauled ahead by string and air. The bows sinuate the air, I hear them tatter.A certain kindness to that hill, its slope gone gaily green against the eve and oh, the tail dipped; the string slipped.Uppity huff and drag of hawk air plundering eggs in the sparrow’s nest. You left this fragment, this bit of shell behind.O awaken with methe inquiring goodbyes.Ooh what a messy businessa tangle and a muddle(and made it seem quite interesting).He ticks them off:leisure top,a different ride home,whispering, in a way,whispered whiskers,so many of the things you have to share.But I was getting on,and that’s what you don’t need.I’m certainly sorry about scaring your king,if indeed that’s what happened to him.You get Peanuts and War and Peace,some in rags, some in jags, some invelvet gown. They wantthe other side of the printing plant.There were concerns.Say hi to jock itch, leadership principles,urinary incompetence.Take that, perfect pitch.And say a word for the president,for the scholar magazines, papers, a streaming.Then you are interested in poetry.The man across the street seems happy,or pleased. Sometimes a porter evades the grounds.After you play a lot with the militaryyou are my own best customer.I’ve done five of that.Make my halloween. Ask me not to say it.The old man wants to see you — now.That’s all right, but find your own.Do you want to stop using these?Last winning people told me to sit on the urinal.Do not put on others what you can put on yourself.How to be in the city my loved one.Men in underwear    ...    A biography fieldlike where we live in the mountains,a falling. Yes I know you have.Troves of merchandise, you know, “boomer buzz.”Hillbilly sculptures of the outside.(They won’t see anybody.)Things I left on your paper:one of the craziest episodes that ever overtook me.Do you like espionage? A watered charm?My pod cast aside, I’ll walk in the human street,protect the old jib from new miniseries.I could swear it movedin incomplete back yardsto endorse the conversation, request to be strapped in.Then it will be time to take the stepgiving fragile responses,and finally he wrote the day.It happened in the waterso that was nice.It comes ready conflated:vanilla for get lost, flavor of the timeof his sponsor’s destiny. Be on that sofa.I was crossing the state line as they were reburying the stuff.You break the time lock, the bride’s canister    ...    but we did say that we’d be back.Yes, I’ll haul your ashesback to Oklahoma,the Lord G-d of Abrahamriding shotgun.I got the coffee sweats already,just Him and me on I-55,you in a box on the seat between.We aim for that dent in the dustwhere your pa was bornin a sod stableand your ma minced a snakewith a garden hoe;that place the trappers namedBeaver, not thinking, for once,of women.Reminded too much of Texas,G-d and I both hatethe cottonwoodsstuck to a high sky.We share a drink,swap our lies,and sift out what we canfrom the radio.Your name comes upand G-d’s eyes get dusty.When Gene Pitney singsthe “Sh’ma Yisrael,”G-d stares out,that box of ashes inside His jacket,as close as He can hold it.There’s Beaver at nightfall,and bean burritosto wash down the beer.We scatter your asheswhere we stop to pee,the Lord G-d’s laughsteady as a train blows,soft as lightning across the panhandle.Both guitars run trebly. One noodlesOver a groove. The other slushes chords.Then they switch. It’s quite an earnest affair.They close my eyes. I close their eyes. A hornBlares its inner air to brass. A girl shakesHer ass. Some dude does the same. The music’sGone moot. Who doesn’t love it when the bassDoesn’t hide? When you can feel the trumpet peelOld oil and spit from deep down the emptyPit of a note or none or few? So don’tGive up on it yet: the scenario.You know that it’s just as tired of youAs you are of it. Still, there’s much more to itThan that. It does not not get you quite wrong.The great house birch with its girth he never quitecould get his arms around, long felled, at lastonly its bark like a larva’s husk in grassleaning neck-high, hollow below mansards.He does not live in the peeling mansion, buta more-than-ample keeper’s cottage beyondrolled lawns and relics of Victorian elmswhere he muses in his study alcove. Touchesthe ancient coins, silver or bronze, their gleamon the baize-topped writing table — proud Athenahelmeted; her owl agog beneath. Eternityglimpsed in the boy ruler Gordian’s profile,copper green. ; ; ; ; ; Trees on guard in broweddignity now the seething barrack of bees.Nearby a maple twisted by wind for decadesspirals, a stair winding above the coneof shade. In his covert the son, reading Herodotus,Suetonius — staggering run of drachmas,staters, tetradrachms, glinting in rows.The baby sleeps.Sunlight plays upon my lap, through doily leaves a black lab comes,a scotty goes, the day wears on, the baby wakes.The good birds sing,invisible or seldom seen, in hidden kingdoms, grateful for the in-between. The baby sleeps. Elsewhere the Queen rolls byon gusts of cheer — ladies wave and bless her reign. The baby frets. The baby feeds.The end of lunch, a daytime moon. The leavesare lightly tinkered with.It’s spring? No, autumn? Afternoon? We’ve sat so long, we’ve walkedso far. The woods in shade, the woods in sun, the singing birds,the noble trees.The child is grown. The child is gone. The black lab comes,his circuit done. His mistress coils his scarlet lead.Only this boy movesbetween the runes of treeson his tricyclewhen an eagle swoops,releases two arrowsfrom its silver wings, and meltsaway faster than lightning.Then a loud whistleand a bang like dry thunder.In a blink the boy seeshis house roof sink.Feels his ears ripped off.The blast puffs up a fawn smokebigger than a mountain cloud.The slow begonias rattletheir scarlet like confetti.Metal slashesthe trees and ricochets.Wires and pipes snapat the roots, quiver.The whirling smoke packedwith bricks and cement,chicken feathers and nigella seeds.When the cloud beginsto settle on the ground,the boy makes out buckled iron rods.White soot descendsand he finds himself dressedlike an apprentice baker.There is an alleywhere you can go,where you can kisssomeone’s mouthuntil you climbinside them, forceyour way in, pushyour cells into their cellsand become onecreature — angelic.It isn’t the wayyou’d dream it.There is piss,dew-damp moss crawlingacross the brick.Some nights it is so darkyou must enter onlyby touch.Walk by in the lightand it will seemlike nothing.The scriptureis written by wenches:4eva, L+ J, I.T.A.L.Y.A heart jagged in two.But what you’ll make thereit’s not love,it’s not weigheddown with that,it’s feather, air,an at-once exultationof being notof this time, this alley,this shittygood for no one,shut-down town.I never went there,I promise you.I never knewsuch sweet violence.Though there are morningsnow, miles from that place,when I wakewith the thought of it:wet and bitten, half-winged.Behind the Fauverie a crawl of quayside trafficwhile Aramis roars for his food, the airturbulent as he opens his jaws in a hugeyawn. If I hold my breath, half-close my eyesand listen hard — there at the tongue’s root,in the voicebox of night, I might hearthe almost-vanished. He’s summoning his prey,this lord of thunderbolts, calling to ghostsof the Lost World, with this evening chantto scarlet macaw, tapir, golden lion tamarin.Until everything goes slow and the rush-hourqueue of scale-to-scale cars is one giant caimanbasking on the bank. The jaguar’s allswimming stealth now — no sound — a stalkercamouflaged by floating hyacinths, sensestuned only to the reptile of the road. Then, withone bound, spray scatters like glass, as Aramislands on the brute’s back and bites its neck.His superpower was that his testicles manufactured spermwith exclusively X chromosomes & that was ironic becausenot only was he a beast to women but his 40 baby girls grewup seeking men like the father they barely saw unless they wentto his studio to be painted which wasn’t OK with their motherswho were not only jealous but guilty of giving birth to girlswho were products of an X-chromosome-making monster& would soon suffer at the hands of other monsters with X-type sperm thereby assuring the continuation of suffering& meanwhile all the girls became writers who slouchedfrom sitting at desks & being daughters & lovers of beasts.It was a singles cruise but it wasn’t a singles cruise:each participant simulated detachment but nonewas actually single. Some, like the recently widowed,were attached to ghosts. Others were legally attachedto a living person they once but no longer loved.A surprising number loved their partners profoundlywhile fearing said partners inhabited the categoryof those who loved them no longer. These participants,whose fears may or may not have been founded,attempted to self-protect by labeling themselves single.Soon a pattern emerged: those who feared abandonmentdeveloped around them a planetary-like orbitof potential new partners to whom they could not attachbecause they were already attached. Such orbits lasted,sometimes, for years. The orbiters went to self-help groupsand/or analysts and/or wrote letters to advice columnists.Because they could not detach from their objects of unrequitedaffection, they became the predominant clientele for futuresingles cruises, unilaterally sustaining the singles cruise business.A translator who has a phobia of mothsspent three years translating a book with a moth motif.It’s ironic, she has said, that she knew more about the mothsthan the author of the original, who was merely fascinated.The translation contained a greater variety of moths than the original,drawn from suggestions she had made, some of which were in facttoo perfect and changed back before it went to print.Her moths, the ones that were too aptly named,meant too much, her moths that she hated, where are they now?The same place as all the versions of peoplethat have been undressed and slept with, in lieu of the peoplethemselves, by others. That must include a versionof almost everyone, lots of versions of some people,some only a flutter, animated then decided against.The Augsburger walks with Dante through the hell of the departed. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them that on earth some things have changed.    When I’d reported to the couple, thusThat up there no one murders now for gainSince no one owns a thing, the faithless spouseWho’d beguiled that woman so improperlyLifted his hand, now tied to hers by chainsAnd looked at her and turned perplexed to meSo no one steals, if  there’s no property?I shook my head. And as their hands just touchedI saw a blush suffuse the woman’s cheeks.He saw it too and cried, She hasn’t onceShown so much since the day she was seduced!And murmuring, Then there’s no abstinence?They moved off swiftly. And the ties that fusedThem tight were of no weight or consequence.  Translated from the GermanAfter Ko Un    In the village it’s the season of dried grass,the smell of   burned dirt,gaslight glinting through blackened stubble.I walk home across the rice-fields,brushing insects away from my face,remembering old Namdong who was buried yesterday.What does death ask of us?I must change whatever it was I waswhen the old man was alive.I keep looking at the rice-fields, glinting in the dark.Blasted by mildew, more withered than last year —how much work and love it must have taken.In autumn, no matter how bad the harvest,how big the debts —no thought of   leaving here, no thought of rest.As life goes on, time isn’t the largest thing to think of,it’s the smallest.Growing, goingin drought or monsoon, mold or blight —what is the rice if  not alive? With Sunja Kim Kwock“Gwawnowwdat,” said Turnbull, “and take a good look  at the pain in a horse’s eyes. If you’d a pair of dragging hooves on you, it’s short work they’d make of the smile on your face.” You could see that he understood, and his fellow-feeling for the pain in the horse’s eyes; and that dwelling on it so long he’d finally stolen into the innermost space of   the horse’s pain that I saw, too, trying to plumb the depths of  pain that it felt; until it was Turnbull’s eyes I saw starting out from that suffering horse’s pelt. I looked at Turnbull and saw set under his brow as I looked him up and down twice the two, too-big eyes that were speechless with sorrow: the horse’s eyes.  Translated from the IrishI kept a letter from my hometown in Lithuania, from onewho still holds a dominion somewhere with her youthful charm.In it she placed her sorrow and her affection:A blade of grass from Ponar.This blade of grass with a flickering puff of dying cloudignited, letter by letter, the faces of the letters.And over letter-faces in murmuring smolder:The blade of grass from Ponar.This blade of grass is now my world, my miniature home,where children play the fiddle in a line on fire.They play the fiddle and legendary is their conductor:The blade of grass from Ponar.I will not separate from my hometown’s blade of grass.My good, longed-for earth will make room for both.And then I will bring a gift to the Lord:The blade of grass from Ponar.  Translated from the YiddishThere’s blue, and then there’s blue.A number, not a hue, this blueis not the undertone of any onebut there it is, primary.I held the bouquetin shock and cut the stems at a deadly angle.I opened the toxic sachet of flower foodwith my canine and rinsed my mouth.I used to wash my hands and daydream.I dreamed of myself and washedmy hands of everything. Easy math.Now I can’t get their procedureat the florist off my mind.The white flowers arrived! They overnightedin a chemical bathand now they have a fake laughthat catches like a matchthat starts the kind of kitchen firethat is fanned by water.They won’t even look at me.Happy Anniversary.I want the hole in my ear to be quietAnd inside the hole in my ear to be quietAnd I want it to tell me what to doOr I will go to my lover’s mouthAnd say oh my quietI am comingAnd tell the quiet how its kingdom should be madeThough the quiet has already eaten meBecause the quiet loves meBut does the lover love meAnd why must the quiet be so quietAnd why can’t the quiet have a cockAnd where is its violet mouthIts ten fingers with which to fix meAnd where is its belly breathingAnd O I want to be fixedBut I am already fixedWhy don’t I feel ityours is not the majestic    Gypsythe Codling    Luna    Wax    or granderAtlas    with the appetiteof a plague ;entire fieldssuccumbing to them    wholegenerations of bees    this isthe unseen    closeted    unassuminggray that seeks out last winter’scloth    another season    drawnto the body’s scent    what was its heat    to consume early    that scantmuch of you    fragile    lace-likethe constellate    erasures    of the coatit makes for you to wearHow tired are you? How benevolent the cause for those slim, aching moments of blinding obscurity,and the blinds drawn and the sunlight louvereduntil even the knickknacks cling to their dust as to Timepassing passing, if even that. The yearningto be not bothered, to be passed on the street,the rehab, the food mart, the many shoppe window reflections. So manytimes, the eyes averted in fear,so many times you remain obscure, even to your more obscured self.A silence charting your whereaboutsat the many roundabouts,the Tenderloins forever unnamed.Even the sounds of the half-painted trams remain silentin passing. Their wheels grinding yet silent. The rainsilent. The accusations even more silent,or the “friends” who never talk back, clouded in darkness.The landscapes drifting.The equestrian trots drifting.All the genres mixed up or simply misplaced.The memories gone blank.The mundane measured in hours, minutes, or decades, intervening, descending.Ida and Isidor Straus sleep side by sideeternally in an Egyptian galleyfronting their Woodlawn mausoleum.Symbolically they lie. Their boat is small;nor was her body recovered from the Titanic.And yet the image of the voyage holds.Why not embark? A river runs behind meon the other side of this dark window.A dream called Night Boatarranged us side by side in a black craft,sailing the river of forgetfulnessuntil the stars went out.It was poetic license. I didn’t dream that boat.The boat was dream, and we were passengersbalanced on the slippery cusp of daylight,unless you had already disembarkedin some shadowy port,leaving me to sail along alone.The mower alonesaw from the medianthe cloud come overthe mountain down to trawlthe valley like a whaleand the swifts like waterpassing through her white baleen.The mower alone patrollingthe haw with the hawkssaw from the medianthe cloud come overthe mountain to swallowwhere the sky had beenand where the town had beenpinned by steeplesand hummed electric hubris.For everyone elseon either side of the narrowthe cloud was only a minuteof a single versebecause the highway treats the bluesas all the same as if Bentoniawere Sunflower Countybut the land between the laneseven while under the bladessees the power in every cloudand hears each song spiral outof an old familiar tune just soto devour our hearts.Took me awhile to learn the good wordsmake the rain on my window grownand sexy now I’m in the tub holding downthat on-sale Bordeaux pretendingto be well adjusted I am on that realjazz shit sometimes I run the streetssometimes they run me I’m the bodyof the queen of my hood filled upwith bad wine bad drugs mu shu porksick beats what more can I say to youI open my stylish legs I get my swaggerback let men with gold teeth bow to my titsand the blisters on my feet I become electricI’m a patch of grass the stringy rootsyou call home or sister if you wantI could scratch your eyes make hip-hop die againI’m on that grown woman shit before I breakthe bottle’s neck I pour a little out: I am fallenI’m religious.As religious as the wind or scissors.It’s an ant, she’s religious, the flowers are red.I don’t want to die. I don’t care if I die now.I’m more religious than the dust in the desert.The mouth of a child is round. My eyes are syrup, dripping cold.Sometimes I think I baked nettles, but I didn’t. Sometimes I think I’m miserable, butI’m not. I’m religious.I will throw a barrel into the river.If bees rushed into my face, I’d scratch at them with my hand and would seeagain.I don’t get upset.The soul presses like the crowds at the door.When I die, oxen will graze the grass just like this.Houses will glimmer just like this. Translated from the SlovenianTo stop the blood of flowers and to reverse harmony.To die in the river, to die in the river.To hear the heart of a rat. There is no differencebetween the silver of the moon and the silver of my tribe.To clear the field and to run to the edge of the earth.To bear a crystal in the chest: the word. Soap evaporates at the door, fire illuminates the day.To look back, to look back one more time.And to remove the robe. The poppy has bitten the sky.To walk empty roads and drink shadows.To feel the oak at the mouth of the well.To stop the blood of flowers, to stop the blood of flowers.Altars watch each other face to face.To lie down on a blue cabbage. Translated from the SlovenianA cento    I became a therapist against my willA strange feeling of forlornness, a feeling I could not have stoodPainful isolation, quite steep and slantingA beautiful forest which had the one drawback of seeming never to endI have had to struggle so longI have always been frank with you, haven’t I?I wanted to explain the reason for my inaccessibilityI am lying here on a short leash in this filthy holeSo far I haven’t been locked upSeveral people point to gaps in my face where the little girl has been cut outShe screams and screams without any self-controlRavaged by the heat and the blood-&-thunder melodramaNeither describable nor bearableI felt I had known her all my lifeI wept in a stable.I found money in the dirt.I reenacted a car accident in the tack room.I asked a horse van driver to let me off where the bridle path stopped.I looked at the jockey for what he was dreaming.I told him he was wrong about making things happen.He couldn’t make things happen.I couldn’t make things happen anymore.There is exactly not enough money in the world.Magical thinking got me where I am today.Animals are warriors of time.I stopped keeping things hidden.That wasn’t a horse we saw in the winner’s circle.I can’t stop horses as much as you can’t stop horses.The sea was one thing, once; the field another. Either way,something got crossed, or didn’t. Who’s to say, abouthappiness? Whatever country, I mean, where inconceivablewas a word like any other lies far behind me now. I’velearned to spare what’s failing, if it can keep what’s livingalive still, maybe just ; ; ; ; ; ; ;    awhile longer. Ghost bamboo thatthe birds nest in, for example, not noticing the leaves, colorof surrender, color of poverty as I used to imagine it whenI myself was poor but had no idea of it. I’ve always thoughtgratitude’s the one correct response to having been made,however painfully, to see this life more up close. The highergods having long refused me, let the gods deemed lesserdo the best they canSlade was pulling minnows out of the dry riverthe day we met. Puddles, more or less, was whatwas left. But what could live wanted to and tried,treading narrow circles, a glide of brittle ﬁns.He wore those rubber boots, though the sun wasan anvil, and very little wet; he smiled, I rememberthat, his nickel smile right at me, his ﬁngersletting fall the small ﬁsh muscles into a bag ﬁlledwith yellow tap. I didn’t ask his name, or whatit was he thought he was doing, but we talked,I listened as he taught me to relax the hand just enough.They can smell, he said, the oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch. You have to believe it,he said. You don’t mean any harm.1 When I spoke the words I am gayI had let them fester like blood on a prison cell wall.I hadn’t known that they would free themselves.They scaled the swollen gutter of my throat, and shotthemselves right through Uncle Andy’sdiaphragm, holding the air in lungs hostage so hehad no words left of his own. He could only unfurl hisvinegar lips to sputter silent thank yous across my brow.I kissed the darkness three times, because it stolethose three merciless words from mebefore my Mother could.She told me that I would neversurvive a New York winter:Mother, painted face and gossamer cheeks. It wasn’t youwalking down the hall to Economics, when you hearda familiar voice, a voice that told jokes you alwayslaughed at in class, and he said: I cantolerate faggots,but if they flirt with me, I wouldn’thesitateto beat them down.I give a piece quite near away,then another, one and two to threeand say good-bye with some dismay.We might have been twins, I born in Mayand she of the blistered Januarycolored like the vibrant cray-on, clinging on to toys of the day,as mine become that of history.“Again,” she cries and I obey.I hold the script of the gone by matinee:before I ever found a scar, a yawn, a he;past the years I’ve spun to macramé.Soon I must go, and she will stay,dwelling under the apple tree,never to wander blind in first foray.Sentient air, lead her not to disarray.She flails. I walk. We are matching memory.I have things she never will, a little say.So I pull away and board the last ferry. Treasures, 2014 by Leanna WrightMore than ample a deadfall of one meter eighty to split my temple apart on the herringbone parquet and crash the operating system, tripping an automated shutdown in the casing and halting all external workings of the moist robot I inhabit at the moment: I am out cold and when my eyes roll in again I sit on the edge of the bed and tell you just how taken I am with the place I’d been, had been compelled to leave, airlifted mid-gesture, mid-sentence, risen of a sudden like a bubble or its glisten or a victim snatched and bundled out, helplessly, from sunlight, the usual day, and all particulars of life there fled except the sense that stays with me for hours and hours that I was valuable and needed there.We drink too much pineapple rum, straight from the bottle,bitch about the red-haired girl, the fetish model,a preacher’s daughter with a thing for unreasonable shoes.From her faded patchwork quilt, bleedinghearts, we watched her mutate into a PVC Alice Liddell.How did she manage in seven-inch patent heels?She was tall as wheat — or the ceiling was low.Cradling a mewing ginger-ball, she kissed the mirrorwhere their confederate-blue eyesmatched. Three scars began to scab on her arm,deep big-cat scrawls she told us she cut herselfbecause it’s art and her clients like herthat way. We followed her clip-clop downthe rabbit hole; me, to hear tales of her running trackin those shoes; you, to see her white skin even palerunder lights. Back in your dorm room, I am static.You pay to watch her pixelated Snow White online;complain her constant chatter ruined it, or her, for you.The Eiffel Tower erected itself in my head,we couldn’t find the lifts, climbed the stairs.Of course there were fireworks.We stared at each other, rare exhibits in the Louvre —you licked my Mona Lisa smile right off.Of course we were both in imaginary Chanel.We drank warm cider and ate pancakes, yours flambéed.I got drunk, my tights laddered on both legs.Of course we experienced tachycardia at the Moulin Rouge.Our hotel, a boxed macaron on a navy boulevard —we spun around in the dark outside, rain-dizzy.Of course we slept at the Ritz.Our little room tucked into the corner, a pinkpocket you slipped into that night.Of course our fingers hunted for change.In the mirrored elevator I couldn’t meet your eye, Icrushed you into the laminated sample menu and died.Of course it was only la petite mort.Down, unequal weight on his haunchesand the rain driving his shirt sideways,his legs are as rigid as the stone and timberthat props him up. Ears, half-opened lipsslurred to bits; a head no longer ableto troubleshoot the broken glass inside him. • Wiry treetops are blacker. The after-rain lightdiffused to near neon-gray. There was a boyseen by neighbors running the width of the field.One said he disappeared — as if he fell headlonginto the horizon. Another said it wasn’t a boy,but a hart. Next to nothing left where Evanswas found, but there was a sound box,some thing in which his soul made itself felt.October and the rain is warmthe light moving across the water’s surfaceis there and not therelike a voice you remembersay your mother’syouthful as once she wason a day like thisembracing the sunshine breaking throughor watching it tracebetween her fingertips so realyou can almost believe again in the silencebetween you, her breath on your cheekwhile you lay ill in bedand in only a momenta bell is ringing or your fatheris singing in the kitchen about strangersand without even an echo or the echoof an echo all of this is gone andwe’re walking again to the Hellfire Clubor the Sugar Loaf, it’s Sundaythere’s not much traffic, and on the hillsas you run twigs, and small black pelletsare vanishing beneath your feetThe memory of sun, it is what they subsist upondown where the jaws snap blindlyat whatever passes, where drifter is a meaningless termand to hunt is to proffer teeth and tongueand ghost-lit lanterninto a sea like liquid wind,without prior compassof the way the wind is blowing.Should they be gifted with a corpsewhose half-spoilt flesh holds distillateeternal summersspent glittering in the euphotic zone,they will give gross thanks and, in their way, be holy.In the cartography of sea,they are kin not to dragons nor the Stella Marisbut to your own bright band —yes, you there, eating your sunlight secondhandfrom a long-gone grocery display,drinking it from the guts of lazy lemons.What stopped her bawling was the doorbellringing, and a man standing there with fiveyellow roses, bulked up with green frondsand tied in a dinky knot with olive twine.There was no card to say who the flowerscame from. The man’s uniform was bluewith a brown insignia of a spider on his righttop pocket that she saw he kept unbuttoned.As he waltzed down the path to the gatethe Siamese cat that frequented the gardenraised its back and hissed. The man laughedand flounced out to his waiting white van.Oh, the shit-faced side streets of life! OK,she’d been born in Madras, in a flowery tea shopwhile an albino conjurer magicked a hareto leap from his heavily-ringed brown fingers.Five yellow roses? Enough to encourage herto cook saffron rice, with turmeric-tinged prawnsand sautéed yellow courgettes. She didn’t playthe Ry Cooder where yellow roses say goodbye.To G. de Chirico    I have built a house in the middle of the OceanIts windows are the rivers flowing from my eyesOctopi are crawling all over where the walls areHear their triple hearts beat and their beaks peck against the windowpanes House of dampness House of burning Season’s fastness Season singing The airplanes are laying eggs Watch out for the dropping of the anchor  Watch out for the shooting black ichor It would be good if you were to come from the skyThe sky’s honeysuckle is climbingThe earthly octopi are throbbingAnd so very many of us have become our own gravediggersPale octopi of the chalky waves O octopi with pale beaksAround the house is this ocean that you know well  And is never still Translated from the FrenchSince we nailwings to the dead,she calls ravensfrom the skyto inspect our work. “For flight,”they say, “first remove their boots.”She leans in,inspects a fresh hex behind my eyes,takes my feetand lays them on the fire,to burn it out, roots first.We’re the last,babička and me.We’ve survived on chance and breadbaked from the last store of grain.And as we’re out of both,we will die soon.They are gatheringin the well.We disrobe.She hums whilst I nail her wings,she tells me a tale, her last gift —“This dark stain,passed kiss to kiss-stainedfevered mouth,blights love, is pulsedby death-watch beetle’stick, timing our decay.They know this.They wait by water,gulping despair.The ravens keep watch,they say the contagion’s here,they promise to take us first.”Her tale done,we go winged and nakedto the well.We hear themclimbing the walls, caterwauling,but ravens are swift, and swoop.When Claude says blessed is he who has seen and believes, you know he is about to tell the one about bees. His father told him which kind of sting was worst, but you have to see some things for yourself, and when you ask how on earth do you catch a bee to see anything, he tells how you hunker down next to a sweet potato blossom and watch until one lands on the ruffled cuff and then ambles down into the sweeter sleeve. You lean over and pinch the blossom shut, and there you have it, ready to sting yourself so you can decide on your own, and he wants for you not to doubt this: even more blessed, you will be, you have heard — and not seen.We are of one mindand too much has not been saidabout all the quiet afternoons childhood offered us, lit gray like a cat, or blue, and cursed with an early moon. When father wore an apron or crept like a bear, we screamed.Nothing is so gone. Where is his record player or the channel that forked a distant year toward us,kind, slow magnet?There was a song we sharedwithout your listening, you widowed soul crawling away on your elbows.I sing it to my child, with a full hand Iflick its rapeseeds everywhere,clear, and slow,with all the sincerity its author indeed feltin his ten-gallon hatand his thin, whisky-soaked shirt.The town’s trees, roomy with winter, have begun of late to fill with them, a settling that commences with dusk. The widows complain —claim they can smell them, can hear them shuffling in the trees, a wing hitting a branch a sound sharp, they say, as ice cracking. They cannot sleep. And so you form a committee, convening with shotguns to fire every night into the darkling congregation. Every night, the air resounds with that resolve, and every dusk they return with theirs, circle, a lazy familiar vortex around a drain, an old appointment they keep with an inescapable place; this argument no way, Claude says, to be any less afraid.Who knows more of gods than I?Deities defied, not the first time.I scan scraps of Abraxas,Rap along to Pac; rip Big’s Faith,My skin infection scratched, an itchWith which I cannot live. I prayFor nightmares — Dana Dane — to stopEffluvial rainfall. Oh, here comesThe wet stuff. Here come I.Up the train, off the 7, upThe stairs to Vernon. The church?St. Mary’s. 49th, 49th, 49th.El ay si mac and cheese. IPA.A walk across Pulaski Hump toGreenpoint. It’s post-popHipster, so my jeans pressJust one plum to my leg.The Dionysus to the other,The Apollo orbiting right, left.In the middle, Bazooka Joe.It is, after all, so cold (the plum).Baller status. Church bells chime,The chimera within. A right on Driggs,Parallel to Bedford.Ratty chains, skulls patch a pylonMaze of bubblegum dusk.Live from Bedford-Stuyvesant,The livest one.As in green, vert, a royal demesnestocked with deer. Invert as in tippedas a snow globe, going nowhere in circlesbut not lost, not bereft as the woodwithout deer, waiting for the white antleredbuck, or his does, or any slim yearlingto step along the berm, return. Vertigoas in whirling round, swimming in the head,unanchored by the long spring,the horse cantering, the meadow droppinglike an elevator into the earth, fallinglike Persephone through a crevice, a swivelingcrack, a loose screw, a lost way. Disorderedas in death lasts, my brother’s not coming back.The spin of it continuous as in looking downfrom height, and then it stops, the spinningjust slows, a chariot wheel stilled in grass.The world is the same, but it isn’t. The tippedviews of trees when hanging from your knees.The deer in twos and threes watching.The heart of a bear is a cloud-shuttered mountain. The heart of a mountain’s a kiln. The white heart of a moth has nineteen white chambers. The heart of a swan is a swan. The heart of a wasp is a prick of plush. The heart of a skunk is a mink. The heart of an owl is part blood and part chalice. The fey mouse heart rides a dawdy dust-cart. The heart of a kestrel hides a house wren at nest. The heart of lark is a czar. The heart of a scorpion is swidden and spark. The heart of a shark is a gear.Listen and tell, thrums the grave heart of humans.Listen well love, for it’s pitch dark down here.May I ask you whoyour grandmother diedHer blacknessyou pretended we’d assumea servant’s ; in the photographMay I askdid she die herself?I know you all lightunder an umbrella ;don’t tanand she could be seenas she had been made toodark for what the son do.I saw her years ago after she diedAnd again today in the marketI asked her ;I had toknow if she was who I knew    ...    “Only two things you really has to —tha’s to stay black and die.”Black, yes, but if black leads some to pretendthat you have diedexcept you’re black and alivewho are you?She is as hundreds of years old asthe stories of the liesof grandmothers in the cellar    ...    May I ask whoyour grandmother ; died if she diedherself?To Iretha    A textbook photograph most likelyled me to think the Rosetta Stone the sizeof a library’s old Webster’s Third Editionor two loaves of bread on a side board,but here it stands, three tongues, or one mindthat can say three ways we say the one thing,the breaths and sights of each way in rock,a milestone in intangibles between them.Reflected light from outside through the entrance,duplicating on the glass case ; the doorimage that the stone itself is ;  openswhen you walk around behind it exhibitthe inhibition of letters, and I see you,not a translation, step through from beyond all descriptioninto the calling of flesh in black skin:beauty. Beauty. Beauty.When I sleep I see a child  hidden between the legs of a scarred man, their sunburnt backs breathe cold air, the child faces me and the pier’s roof swallows the mooncut by the clouds behind them. Sometimes, they’re on the same roofwearing handkerchiefs and uniformed men surround them.I mistake bullet casings for cormorant beaks divingtill water churns the color of sunsets, stained barnacles line the pierand I can’t see who’s facedown on boats lulled by crimson ripples.Once, I heard the man — alive and still on the roof — say  today for you, tomorrow for me. There’s a village where men train cormorantsto fish: rope-end tied to sterns, another to necks, so their beakswon’t swallow the fish they catch. My father is one of those birds.He’s the scarred man.Angelfish perturb the area around pink gauze, are the details of a threaded diamond string and its fake catachrestic applause. Like that of the angelheaded beast spreading its wings, as if to swim under the light of the glowworm and hyacinth, the fish are oratory and not. The pulchritude of bombazine on a shattering geoidal mid-afternoon, dribbling from sea rock to splint, the wing tips are hardly bleak accoutrements, their own swinging by the bay of a chest and a previous rock. Here we are stranded, pelagic with clot, and the fish burble with oratory and I kind of like them a lot.i.m. Marty Crickard    I came to light a candle for a friendbut Jesus had a really bad mustacheand those were only pinpricks in his palmsso I passed on.I came to light a candle for a friendbut Joseph’s hands were manicuredand soft as Fairy Liquid handsI could not light one there so I passed on.In the corner was a fellow with a cowled robeand a tonsure like a saucer — he palmeda young and curly blonde Adonis — so Ipassed on then to Benoît-Joseph Labre,a tattered man whose wide eyes blazed,he looked quite mad, had beggar’s hands,I liked him. I lit two dozen candles, didn’t pay,and nicked this book on him before I left.I did all this in honor of my matchless absent friend,whose honest calloused workman’s handsmaintained the half of Belfast,and nothing’s been the same since he passed on.It wasn’t a man That knocked me down With the thrill of a sliceOf my will. She was mannish, Chilled, flungHer will acrossMine then laughedAt my shock, when sheGripped my neck whileLingering over a requestFor the evening meal. Later I sliced a tomatoClose to my wrist. The door was open. She had warned me: Never shut it againstHer. Otherwise I was free to come And go. Maybe she wasRight: I was zero To the bone. Meanwhile,I had left the hose In the pond. The goldfishCowered in the reeds. Whose side were they on?I am ill, I thought, Slogging acrossSoggy green.If I bow any lowerI will be looking upAt moss.In the energy crisis my city has turned to burning angel skins. I read by their light, a book of elegies. A fruit fly lands on Amichai, I slap him flat Against the page. Now it is an elegy for him, as well, And his tomb. And I am a terrible, toothless god,Stringing blades of grass between the tongues of sheep.Ash of angel fire drifts over my head, falls in my coffee. O Holy, Holy, Holy indigestion.I bribe the coming day with open windowsAnd freshly washed underwearHung out on the clothesline,Slipping hastily over the hips of winds.The winds know, all you have to do isOpen your mouth, the flies will come.You would expect an uncountable number, Acres and acres of books in rows Like wheat or gold bullion. Or that the words just Appear in the mind, like banner headlines. In fact there is one shelf Holding a modest number, ten or twelve volumes. No dust jackets, because — no dust. Covers made of gold or skin Or golden skin, or creosote or rain- Soaked macadam, or some Mix of salt & glass. You turn a page & mountains rise, clouds drawn by children Bubble in the sky, you are twenty Again, trying to read a map Dissolving in your hands. I say You & meanMe, say God & mean Librarian — who after long research Offers you a glass of water and an apple — You, grateful to discover your name, A footnote in that book.Well, friend, we’re here again —  ; ;  sauntering the last half-mile to the land’s frayed endto ﬁnd what’s laid on for us, strewn across the turf — gull feathers, bleached shells, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;a whole bull seal, bone-dry,knackered from the rut(we knock on his leathern head, but no one’s home).Change, change — that’s what the terns scream ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;down at their seaward rocks;ﬂeet clouds and salt kiss — everything else is provisional, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;us and all our works.I guess that’s why we like it here: ; ; ; ; ;listen — a brief lull, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;a rock pipit’s seed-small notes.Meaning “homeland” — mulk(in Kashmir) — exactly how my son demands milk. • Full-rhyme with Jhelum,the river nearest his home — my father’s “realm.”• You can’t put a leafbetween written and oral;that first A, or alif.• Letters. West to eastMum’s hand would write; Dad’s script goeseast to west. Received.• Invader, to some — neither here, nor there, with me — our rhododendron.• Where migrating geesepause to sleep — somewhere, halfwayis this pillow’s crease.• Now we separatefor the first time, on our walk,at the kissing gate.• Old English “Deor” — an exile’s lament, the past’sdark, half-opened door.• Yes, I know. Empty.But there’s just something betweenthe p and the t.• At home in Grasmere — thin mountain paths have me back,a boy in Kashmir.My weight is four whippets, two Chinese gymnasts, half a shot-putter. It can be measured in bags of sugar, jam jars, enough feathers for sixty pillows, or a ﬂock of dead birds but some days it’s more than the house, the span of Blair Athol Road. I’m the Crooked Spire warping itself, doubled up over town. I measure myself against the sky in its winter coat, peat traces in water, air locked in the radiators at night, against my own held breath, or your unﬁnished sentences, your hand on my back like a passenger touching the dashboard when a driver brakes, as if they could slow things down. I measure myself against love — heavier, lighter than both of us.Eight-year-old sitting in Bramhall’s field,shoes scuffed from kicking a stone,too young for a key but old enough nowto walk the short mile back from school.You’ve spied your mother down in the villagecrossing the street, purse in her fist.In her other hand her shopping bag nursesfour ugly potatoes caked in mud,a boiling of peas, rags of meat, or a tail of fishin grease-proof paper, the price totted upin penciled columns of shillings and pence.How warm must she be in that winter coat?On Old Mount Road the nearer she getsthe smaller she shrinks, until you reach outto carry her home on the flat of your handor your fingertip, and she doesn’t exist.you must bemade of money.your parentsmust have grownon trees.bet you’re blacktinged with green.bet you sleepon bags of it.bet your barbiesclimb it.bet you neverwanted.bet you neverhad to ask.bet you golf.bet you tennis.bet you got a summer house.bet you got a credit cardfor your 5th birthday. bet you playedwith bills for toys.bet you chew them up for dinner.bet you spit your black out like tobaccothat’s why you talk sobet you listen to green day.bet you ain’t never heard of al.bet your daddy wears a robearound the house.bet his hands are soft as a frog’s belly.bet your house is on a hill.bet the grass is freshly cut.bet you feel like a princess.bet the police protect your house.bet you know their first names. bet your house has a hundred rooms.bet a black lady comes to clean them.Admit it — you wanted the end with a serpentine greed. How to negotiatethat strangling mist, the fibrouswhisper?To cease to exist and to dieare two different things entirely.But you knew this, didn’t you?Some days you knelt on coins in those yellow hours. You lit a flameto your shadow and atescorpions with your naked fingers.So touched by the sadness of hairin a dirty sink.The malevolent smell of soap.When instead of swallowing a fistfulof white pills,you decided to shower,the palm treesnodded in agreement,a choir of crickets singing behind your swollen eyes.The masked bird turned to you with a shred of paper hangingfrom its beak.At dusk, hair wet and fragrant,you cupped a goat’s faceand kissed his trembling horns. The ghost? It fell prostrate,passed through you like a swift and generous storm.Housed in a boom of blubber& bone, harpooned six times,the giant grew into a dynamohitched to six taut rope-linesskipping the boat across wavestoward the blurry lighthouse.It bled out a long silencebut men in oilskins laboredwith hydraulics of lighton water, walked its flank,& tore it down to a storeroomof Nantucket scrimshaw.Ballast stone or sledge? They bashed in the skull& lowered down the boyto haul up buckets of oilfor candles that burneda slow, clean, white glow.At ten, he was almost a manwhose feet sank into the waxymuck of ambergris. His sweatdripped into a long hour.Big as a barrel, the headechoed a temple nave.In the age of the fish, cobblestones shift through a square & in hand turnold weapon — beyond the city an ocean swings in pelicans & spinner dolphins,leaves them on the Peruvian shore, orin a small town two thousand blackbirds fallfrom the Arkansas sky “just like last year” — but far off in the silence of the rural plains this cow wallows on a grassy moundtill a muzzle merges from another world, onlookers gawk along a picket fenceas she pushes the head & two hooves& then stands to open for the calfthat makes way with a message — a woman in the shape of a cloud sayingreturn to your people & tell them I am coming.In the early contact period, New England Indian wampum consisted of small tubular-shaped shells drilled and strung as beads.— Alfred A. Cave    The breaking of clouds begins with seizure. A man grabs another, reasons ransom. A murder averted in the thing’s scheme.A cape’s shell transformed, more than one supposed. What stands behind this? Enemy or friend?(Yes, they can be both. Don’t you think I know?) List: Dutch. Indian. Pequot. Puritan.List: Then. War. Event. Now. History. List. The shell buys glories of iron and pelt.Wampum is dismissed. Joke. Sneer. Currency of the disappeared whose children live still.List: Blessing. Curse. Wife. Slave. Savior. Savage. The shells make their noise. The robbed graves cradle.He who brings food to the starving gets cooked.A lot of it lives in the trachea, you know. But not so much that you won’t need more muscle: the diaphragm, a fist clenching at the bottom. Inhale. So many of us are breathless, you know, like me kneeling to collect the pottery shards of a house plant my elbow has nudged into oblivion. What if I sigh, and the black earth beneath me scatters like insects running from my breath? Am I a god then? Am I insane because I worry about the disassembling of earth regularly? I walk more softly now into gardens or up the steps of old houses with impatiens stuffed in their window boxes. When it’s you standing there with a letter or voice or face full of solemn news, will you hold your breath before you knock?carnegie hall, october 19, 2014    beauty eludes me, usually. i soak up the lush red, violet, indigo bloomsabdullah ibrahim’s cool fingers pluck from the keyboard’s bed, but bring to these ‘rooms’(stanzas forged from replayed past as today’s not-news) no solacing bouquets. my weeds?i conjure rough green to rupture from seeds so furious they bleed — or, grieving, raisecrabgrass and blue notes, peppered with rust, where he grows flowers. yes, i tend my plantsincisively : no phrase that droops or wants out of the sun survives long. but the restrun wild, flush vivid, throw shade, deluge fruit, lavishly express their dissonant root.On Tyrone Geter’s “The Basket Maker #2”    Weave me closer to you with hands dyed indigo that rake oyster beds awake Smell you long before I see you Vanilla sweet Sweetgrass weaving wares that keep Yankees coming on ferries, no bridge Waters been troubled Makes you wonder who put the root on whom first with doors dyed indigo Pray the evil spirits away at the praise house Make John Hop to stave off John Deere We migrants fighting to stay put Even nomads come home for a Lowcountry boil a feast for hungry prodigal sons and daughters with hearts dyed indigo Dying for you to weave us closerthree times the snake appeared before me & like a gun said follow when you hear fire keep your body close to the ground the snake said point blank I am here for your protection I don’t have a trigger but I have a tongue to your neck to your ear to your temple follow me down the barrel three shots to steady ready the gray-­eyed snake spit warming its body along the crack you can’t go back from where you are unarmed handle the snake the way you handle a gun at your belt with a glove spirit guide the gun away from the body follow each bone as it moves up & down the backThere is a man who circles the perimeter with a baby in his arms unmoving. Locusts burn with the silhouettes of saints at dusk. Saints are in the cloud. We are in a dry storm. The man extends his circles pulling the baby through the cactus scrub. Look at his melting trainers in the heat, they aren’t what he asked for. There are black leather skids on the dry stone wall. People in black cloaks run out of the corner of your eye. A pig turns on a spit. The prairie is a terrarium for the blaze but the edge is dry of fire. It is the height of one season, bushes burn. A burnt five-year-old without eyelids turns quick cartwheels through the heat wave under the big pale sky, black and blue.Los Angeles    Across from the gorgeous dog park, men dream against poodle-pissed trees —  their pillows made from breath captured in milk cartons. Only arid, temperate climate offers respite. Let us suppose they have tales, here in this city where filmed stories turn a mint. All around, one wide screen — the dark hills due north pixel-pocked with villa lights. Below, streets hemmed with haggard brown men — jack-in-the-box bodies ever unfolding. Who is pitching this script? Title: “The Child of 1968.” Voiceover: After the Integration Apocalypse, one man must find his way in a land where the sole survivors who look or speak like him are those rendered disturbed and indigentWhy waste away in a box when you could be a nurse tree? That’s what they call dead logs:mushroomeries of the woods. Your living room’s a wood of couches, books, and chairs. You’re dead not at all, but could you be preparing for things to grow inside the chest of the log you plan to become: cherished compost heap where heat turns the brown mess of feelings, sorry, that’s peelings, into comp-o- sition? For we who love our hands in dirt, a leaf skirtdecomposing seems an ideal station between this life and next: I visit your room as on a forest walk. Passing a fallen log — is that you? —  I see a scarlet fungus cap pop up from friable bark.;  to be ; ; ; ; ; ; gone a ; ; ;    constant desire ; ;embarrassed for the ;   giant leaning in for love    we had enough of    the dance number but ; ; ;    the whirling begins   it just starts   silos full of air   no more corn   no more wheat  watching myself for  full details in a strange man’s pants  we let ; ;   the soldier board the plane ; ; ;shot in head three days later ; ; ; why are you angry you said ; ; ;   why are you not I saidSometimes something like a second washes the base of this street. The father and his two assistants are given permission to go. One of them, a woman, asks, “Why did we come here in the first place, to this citadel of dampness?” Some days are worse than others, even if we can’t believe in them. But that was never a concern of mine, reasoned the patient. Sing, scroll, or never be blasted by us into marmoreal meaning, or the fist for it. Kudos to the prince who journeyed here to negotiate our release, if you can believe it. You’re right. The ballads are retreating back into the atmosphere. They won’t be coming round again. Make your peace.Nocturnal (Horizon Line), 2010, by Teresita Fernández  I’d come to help settle your mother’s affairs. On the last night, we ate where she worked all her life. Now that she’s gone, you said, I’ll never come back. Looking out over the dark, you saw a light in the distance, a boat crossing the bay, and told the story of the fisherman cursed to float adrift forever. You hadn’t thought of it since you were a child, and held your hand across the table to show me how it trembled. I didn’t understand until, alone, years later, wandering the city where I was born, I stood before a black wall, polished to shimmer, and it looked to me like the sea at night, hard and endless.Untitled, from the Silueta series, 1980, by Ana Mendieta  has appeared to the mountain dwellers, her grief  engraved  where stone softens to clay. Keep your eyes sharp for a dagger.  In its hilt, you’ll find her face pressed to the earth’s cheek. Kiss  this sacred spot before the rains wash it away like her orphaned  feet. Notched heart cradles a planet heavy with night-  mares flying into empty mouths. Listen for their thirsty murmurs.  She’ll push her ponderous child into the dew of  a San Felipe dawn,  name him Salvador. They’ll rest beneath a web spun umbilical,  eclipsed from our human eyes.   •  Our Lady   stone ; ;   clay    earth rain orphaned heart  eclipsed;Granite Weaving, 1988, by Jesús Moroles  To climb, in this instance, upon a horizon Shadow-shadow. Lip-to-lip rock. Ziggurat. Ah, from the base to the top. Sideways. Upwards. Again, in succession. Sprung and sprung Frozen idiom. Barre. Pietrasanta. Mouth and mouth. Sung. Granite. Stitching The way fabric gathers — pinch, scrunch. Not in dreams alone. Not the knot. Step, step, step, step, step. 35 up. As if into clouds Ur, Aqar Quf, Chogha Zanbil, Tikal. Kin. Plank upon plank upon plank upon Little Blocks: ahem. don’t you forget us.a, of, or, but, if, la, and Close and closer to flattened. Rock, Water, Bone: Noisy Pilgrim.Ripeness was a semitone below the bone clef of the elbow keying the rain-slicked cyclone fence: the firm, saclike rind of a warped minim, golden drupe note for which we longed. Stone fruit are fine tutors. This one unseals a sensual nose hit. At dusk they go lambent like chunks of bent gloam. Sucked, their fibrous pith is birth-pouf —  punk oblong pits belonging in a goblin’s pot, infused with rich static and the fresh electric scratchiti of summer lightning. It’s fortune gave us this softer unit, surely. Edgewise the frangipani made a rain-gap fin for heads rife with fire in the shade of the mango belt.despite the cost a new gaol has been built it seems the incarceration rates are trebling I only came here in the role of a Deaths In Custody inspector all the cells are stark and spotless blank screens watch from the corner the offices have the highest technology the faces of the staff still look the same when I walk down this wing and peer into this filthy room the door closes behind me the feeling in my heart is changing from a proud strength of duty to fear all the stories I have ever heard stand silent in the space beside me —  a coil of rope is being pushed under the door of this cellWe is gator teeth hanging from the rear- view mirror as sickle cells suckle at Big Momma’s teats. We is dragonfly choppers hovering above Walden Pond. We is spinal cords shedding like the skin of a cottonmouth. We is Psalm 23 and the Pastor’s chattering chicklets. We isa good problem to have. We is throats constricting and the grape juice of Jesus. We is Roach and Mingus in Birdland. We is body electric, eyes watering with moonshine, glossy lips sticky with lard. We is half brothers in headlock, arm-wrestling in the dirt. We is Vaseline rubbed into knocked knees and cracked elbows. We is ham hocks making love to kidney beans. We is Orpheus, lute in hand, asking do we have a problemThree items in an envelope. A photograph of two, four, six, eight, nine boys boarding a bus. Not boys, men. Dressed in the long wool coat of winter. Something “based on the life of.” What can a moment outlast? That question becomes a theory, theorem, mechanism. Three boys, one girl, a tree brushing back air off her forehead. Paper, six clean sheets, a monogrammed envelope. An index. The physical bias to existence becomes some wedge, the inexact value of an empire of ether. Tick-tick. The amphibian emerges from water, walks off stage. It’s as if evolution is embodied in absence. Someone is lying on her back. She turns over. Her breath is in the air. Or in the idea of atmosphere.+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ +++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ +++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++  The show remains, unshot. Adah rants. Cain bares his teeth. Starvation: a state without border. World without means. Haha. Who’d have thought. Total inter- regnum. Theogony. Thrombotic idea. (Debt flogs verb.) A retro daydream: I hid under the hollyhock. The prohibition-era nut cuffed me. Shoddy fate, old horse. To genuflect? Ohhhhhhhhh no ... Vulture count: Then. Then. Then. Then. 
Noon throbbed resplendently. 
Baby ... I ... tried ... to ... make ... the ... word ... 
I reached for her.  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ +++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ +++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++  Oh, that Thou teach even me. I who abhor truth, the stubborn bloodhound. Worth three hairbrushes, if that. No: hydrogenated fats. No: enhanced form- aldehyde. What shorthand thunderbolt could halt my hibernation & dog thirsts? The unabridged refrigerator, the unnoted cheese board. Heh. Shortlist me with the redundant heathen, half my covenant with toothache. Foot the noun. Whatever it takes. Lord, have mercy. Gospodi po- miliu. Kyrie eleison.  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++And then when you stand where it is quiet so that you notice when thought ends and listening begins when listening ends and seeing begins when a bird flies when you glide as a black bird and scream when you start to speak in the clear air and can speak of nothing but the light as if it were the first light when you cast a shadow on the rock and say my shadow stays and the rock passes away when at this moment it is true that it is good to attempt the entire mission you can call the desert by its name    Translated from the GermanHalfway between crib and cage the French language puts crate, a simple slatted box for transporting those fruits that fall ill at the least lack of air. 
Built in such a way that it can be broken down effortlessly after use, it is never used twice. It is really more perishable than the deliquescing foodstuffs that it carries. 
On the corners of streets that lead to the markets, it gleams like white wood without wood’s vanity. Still very new, and slightly surprised to find itself in this awkward position, having been thrown into the gutter without hope of retrieval, it remains a most likable object on whose fate we will not dwell for long. 
  Translated from the Frenchthe porcelain cup is similar to my skull. when i grasp the cup firmly with my hand an arm out of nowhere sprouts on my arm like a graft and the hand on that arm raises the porcelain cup high and hurls it to the wooden floor. since that arm is safeguarding the porcelain cup the thing that is broken into pieces then is my skull that is similar to the porcelain cup. even if my arm had moved before the graft-arm slid into my arm like a snake the white paper that warded off flood would have ripped. yet my arm continues to safeguard the porcelain cup. 
    Translated from the Korean; ;   iFor Laurita, my sister’s friend The moon is dead dead — it will come back to life in the spring when a south wind ruffles the brow of the poplars when our hearts yield their harvest of sighs when the roofs wear their grass hats The moon is dead dead — it will come back to life in the spring ; ;  iiFor Isabelita, my sister The evening sings a lullaby to the oranges My little sister sings “the earth is an orange” The moon weeping says “I want to be an orange” You can’t be — my dear —  even if you turn pink or a little bit lemon How sad!   Translated from the SpanishFor Claudio Guillén    In the branches of the laurel tree I saw two dark doves One was the sun and one the moon Little neighbors I said where is my grave —  In my tail said the sun On my throat said the moon And I who was walking with the land around my waist saw two snow eagles and a naked girl One was the other and the girl was none Little eagles I said where is my grave — In my tail said the sun On my throat said the moon In the branches of the laurel tree I saw two naked doves One was the other and both were none    Translated from the SpanishBeauty exists, la ermozura egziste and paradises are not artificial, yet how can one have fans of ginkgo, green right next to yellow, and human faces in the sunshine, pearls of architecture and thoughts about the dust that we become? Two days later I remember only theory, what we said concerning the mathematics of the Alhambra and the fragments of poems, so I undress quickly, to catch life red-handed, to relish the goodness of your home amid the hills encircled by a wedding party where I seek and find, seek and do not find, seek and disappear and —     Translated from the PolishThe sky is bright with stars After a hot day The coolness of my body Leaving finger by toe in the heat of the spa Looking through the garden lights At tall houses around me I thought, No, just happy The night is bright with stars, She told me She no longer missed her parents But you loved them, I said I did, said she, more than myself And now I’m free That was my friend Pipi Such a whore, I said to myself Like me, such a whore like me As I hear the roosters of Samoa In the laughing of coyoteske pwoahn Pohnpei I told him as we kissedis that a good thing? he askedhell yea I wanted to say replaced it with another kiss inhaling the mix of last night’s sakau en Pohnpei  seir en wai, sweat rain intoxicating taking me home he left that smell behind it would barely linger by the time he reached his destination I was headed for it so the smell stayed bittersweet and blue on my skin, in my hair I carried it with me there where it grew mixed with mangoes, coughs, handshakes, pigs, babies, and old people I’m back it now reeks won’t wash away with the other smells get in my car it hits me pungent remnants of the mwaramwar he left behind.He never saw a violin. But he saw a lifetime of violence. This is not to presume That if he had simply seen A violin he would have seen Less violence. Or that living among Violins, as though they were Boulangeries or toppling stacks Of other glazed goods like young adult Fiction, would have made the violence Less crack and more cocaine, Less of course and more why god oh why. More of one thing Doesn’t rhyme with one thing. A swill of stars doesn’t rhyme With star. A posse of poets doesn’t rhyme With poet. We are all in prison. This is the brutal lesson of the 21st century, Swilled like a sour stone Through the vein of the beast Who watches you while you eat; Our eternal host, the chummed fiddler, The better tomorrow, MMXVI.I’m queer for nouns or verbs that end in -ickle, For bouncy trampolines, for trust and bluff. We’re told by those downtown that La Morbid’s dull Renouncing didn’t rustle up enough Bling to dazzle more than a few of them. Turn on a dime, a channel. Those we flip Ring truer than the frilly stratagem Fern bars used to unfurl, and we know zip About karate or brass knucks. To battle The meltdown blues, lay out your Cups and Swords. Don’t doubt the Duke will hop down from the saddle, His belt slung low. Check out the storyboards: Next year he trades his roan for a motorcycle.For Michael Coyle and Donna Frieze    1  You said anyone could walk in with a pack of explosives as we passed through the crowds of tourists and school kids —  under the glass-grid ceiling lit with sun. I was saying: She’s our earth, our body, our sex, as we drifted down the halls of statues and colonnades and hunks of facades of Greek temples until we found room 22, “The Hellenistic World,” where a bronze face in a glass box on the wall stared back at us.Head from a bronze cult statue of Anahita, a local goddess in the guise of Aphrodite (which regenerate their tails and also eat only the tails of other electric eels, presumably smaller, who, in turn, eat ...  Without consulting an ichthyologist — eels are fish — I defer to biology’s genius. I know little of their numbers and habitat, other than they are river dwellers. Guess which river. I have only a note, a note taken in reading or fever — I can’t tell, from my handwriting, which. All I know is it seems sensible, sustainable: no fish dies, nobody ever gets so hungry he bites off more than a tail; the sting, the trauma keeps the bitten fish lean and alert. The need to hide while regrowing a tail teaches guile. They’ll eat smaller tails for a while. These eels, these eels themselves are odes!There were scruffy local prophets just beyond cannon-range in every hamlet. Door-Hinge Guillem, say, in Lebanon, OH — gets no respect — or Josh the Carpenter, for example, out on a limb in Galilee, RI. Him they tend to snub, until winter cracks the mast off the yacht, & the tub starts to founder petrified in flounder- nets (Ocean’s cold reprimand). Time gets old, echoes grow faint; the statue in the park steps into evening dark, amnesia puts on war-paint. Your icon, buried in the garden sank like a thousand ships into the grass. Those lips still graze my ear, sheep-warden —  whispering forgotten words out of a lichen-book. Words of the sea. Look, their wave-trace in the woods —  a cedar replica. Her milky kingdom was a salt-spray splinter, Noah’s rudder-stump — her shuddering Shaker-wheel spelled freedom.Now is before he was born. Days of air shaken by bees, crow song probing eaves and quays. Maker of the future a perfect terra-cotta tense, a tense which sings. The absence of push in his education was unpresaged by the door’s lack of wired Sesame. He waits and waits for egress. The door needs only his touch. Its only desire is to swing. He waits for it to open itself, as the cloud opens for the melting press of the sun. He is ready to rot where he leans, leaving a breeze-blown blemish long after he has arrived. Long before he has come into being.I act like I know it all. But you, you act like you know it all. We can’t both be wrong. Still, neither of us should have children. Your head’s in a sack. In a sack with a snake with two heads. And my head is even older than our initial calculations implied. I know many names for sitting cross-legged, none for never getting up again. You, you speak as if you just checked, but it’s not even up to you. Fox pulls a rabbit out of a duck and keeps the wound-up hounds upwind. Hedgehog carries one trick around like a small booth atop an elephant. And both of us, elephant and booth, carry from birth what can’t be cast off by dying. How can we corrupt the young? The young don’t even know we exist.12 foxes thumping; rechristened people. The Elizabethan Underworld as a precursor to the furnished. In the year of the calm fox, girls. The heavyweight watch just to see the mechanics of victory, that is, as above, a precursor to a tradition, changed into a cartoon. The furry, soon to be protected from insults, or humor at their expense, in law. The drawn fox, the heavy hippo. Ambush, false witness, poor translation. In the pressure going down, blood, bicep cuff. Correction, the neighbor is ill, a shame about the lion but there remain frequent accounts of premature burials and lack of perspective so unforgivable to transform.The palms are psalms. The nail salons, manicured lawns. This is some phase. The park has been razed. I miss the hip, hours at a clip, their dopey glazed Dolores haze (sorry). I worry about basic stuff: my graying scruff, Ambien addiction. Eviction ... — But there’s another story: this site was once a cemetery. In 1888, the late were stirred, disinterred, carted somewhere calm, a nothing place called Colma. By then the dead prohibited in city light. They thought this was all right: the dead have nothing to lose; the dead were Jews. Hills of Eternity, Home of Peace: the dead were put in their place.... if thou shouldst not be glad, 
I would divorce me from thy mother’s tomb, 
Sepulch’ring an adult’ress. 
— William Shakespeare, King Lear    He faked my death, set up this ranch far from my three daughters. Suburban hellhole. With bracelet on ankle, house- arrest. At noon the bully sun shoulders a ripe moon. In the dark soaps reign. The anchors will often flash their glitterati weddings. Not one daughter has birthed an heir. In vitro — be damned. I hose the lawn and count the cars like fish slipping their shiny chrome along asphalt. Which sparrow missed? Cordelia — my gutted heart.There is no radical shift of light or redwings calling areas of marsh their territories yet, nor plovers probing for copepods. Only a yellow front-end loader laying out a new berm on the beach, from tubes too heavy to be called hoses, its audience one man and his protesting dog. No frosted wedding cake on tour, no Cap’n Beauregard hailing us from the Texas deck, no Texas deck, just an unshaven crew launching zodiacs from the county dredge, its twin stacks staining itself and the air with smoke, as battered an emblem of hope as any other. So spring comes to Egg Island, squealing and unwilling. Sulfur and diesel, flywheel, gear and grind until one morning the equinox dawns and silences the whole shebang.To push and push with raw pink claws like hands of shin. To tunnel my love through wet earth, wet stars — no one needs the underneath like me. I give you permission to grip me. To patrol the worm-drench of my thinking. To bite a worm’s head and cure the rest as cache. Your flesh, my flesh, your dead as dead, buried like a feeling. To push through that wet, a scrum of worms whittling my skin like a premonition. To have pushed mountains into hills, ragged sooth from the slid wall of healing. “Nothing,” said the suicide, “is as sad as recovery.” To work myself forward like a noun or an entry.Complete in ourselves, we look like scraps of paper anyway:left alone, we could tell our mothers and one another our owners’flimsiest secrets and play together all dayuntil we became intertwined, which is why you tryto keep us permanently apart. One of us is a gossamer pirate ship,a frigate whose rigging the industrialsunset highlights, sail by oblong sail. Another resembles a Greek letter — gamma,or lambda; others still a ligature, a propeller, a fat lip.Our will is not exactly the wind’s will. Underlined by sand,whose modes of coagulation and cohabitation none of the human pedestrians understand, we take off on our almost arbitrarilylengthy singletons of stringtowards the unattainable, scarily lofty realm of hawk and albatrossand stay, backlit by cirrocumulus.It seems to be up to you to keep usup in the air, and to make sure our paths never cross.Figured marry for money the stainlessness of it thermostatic shower simulates but isn’t rain I simulate rain too. I do lines off a photo of the lunar landing he says is make-believe I don’t know the difference most of the things most of the time are as if our Brooklyn Bridge selfies aren’t faked to goad our favorite exes as if my diet of carrots and cayenne is ’cause nothing tastes as good as skinny makes money makes the bed and stands beside us like a parent with poor boundaries who just wants us to be happy. Mommy’s money takes her to Key West where she sends pictures of a cat on king-sized everything says Hemingway had money, honey!Toggle me up on one last vanity flight half drunk on a screw-top frizzante. It takes a hell of a lot more to get me here than it did when I had beauty, boys when bedding me was the easy way to know me. Don’t tuck me in so tight. I’m not your grandma. This rough blanket its green red yellow indigo stripes I traded for a perfectly warm beaver pelt. Fly me once more over my disloyal youth and its hangdog slavering over men whom age has de-sexed right along with me. They broadcast impotent outrage from aluminum tablets. I collect speculums with Bakelite handles arranging them by size though it no longer matters.The first thing I did against my will is see light. Older, in my mother’s belly with a good mind, I sometimes dreamed different kinds of darkness. I kicked, had sweet dreams and nightmares something like death, unborn happiness, blind hallucinations, memories I can’t name that still push me to act with unborn hands, all before breathing. What last thing will cross my mind after last rights and wrongs? They say the grand finale is like sleep, I may feel love’s nuts and bolts unscrewing —  it’s best to be held tight. A pillow does not kiss. May I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. I’ve seen passionate suffocation, I’ve felt exquisite pain. Far better doggerel: “Nurse, nurse, I’m getting worse!” Undone, I’d like my last thoughts to rhyme:  I did not lend  you my love. The end.They put me in a dead boy’s clothes dead Joseph Except he wasn’t dead at first they put Me in his clothes dead Joseph’s ;after Joseph Died and I used to call him Joe ;they put Me in   Joe’s clothes at first before he died Joe wasn’t five yet when I met him ; I Was seven ;I was seven when he died Still but a whole year bigger then but I Wore his clothes still and the whole year I lived with Momma Varina ; and with daddy Jeff I never lived so good as when I lived with Them and especially it was daddy Jeff Who kept me fed and wearing those nice clothes Until they fit as tight as bandagesI mean, who isn’t heating up for the next life on the order of Antoine Doinel, or a pot of unsweetened chocolate. Beginning with a single window and the sense that what we know outgrows everything except a headache or the desk dreaming on its own. It doesn’t matter if being upright brings living beings closer to the lives they lead (one’s 26-year-old self smokes a cigar but isn’t a desperado) nor is beginning a poem with someone’s wrath a means of stepping outside the Self as though volume equalled flesh tones — any more than the Epic of the Roast Chicken with Lyonnaise Potatoes and Greens takes over the above-ground, colors and smells aside.An apple tree bent double with fruit grew in the middle of the living room shaking gently as the average family pootled by with plates or devices in their hands The room was almost all tree everyone edged round it Curiously no one picked a single apple nor did the ripe fruit ever fall The full tree stood there a daemon to behold Who lives in that house now I can’t tell you My childhood lives on there and my parent shadows and all my days and nights that will never bear fruit The apple tree I speak of roots itself partly in truth and partly in lies Those roots are splinters of the true cross They alone know why miracles are best avoidedDropping napkins, corks, and non-compostables into the trash, I see that friends have mistaken my everyday chopsticks for disposables, helpfully discarding them alongside inedibles: pork bones, shrimp shells, bitter melon. Among napkins and corks, they do look compostable: off-white, wooden, warped from continual washing — no lacquer, no ornament. But anyone who thinks these chopsticks are disposable doesn’t live with chopsticks in the comfortable way of a favorite robe, oversized, a bit broken. Thin paper napkins, plastic forks, and non-compostable takeout boxes constitute the chopstick’s natural habitat to many I hold dear. With family or alone, I’ll maintain that chopsticks aren’t disposable, but if I can make peace with the loss of utensils when breaking bao with guests, I’ll be one of them, not digging in the napkins and corks. Compostable chopsticks are the answer: everyday and disposable.Lit with strange carpentry magic —  they build time-shares in her head. They carve names deep in wood, erect beams of metal to hold up the invincible defense of a bad history. They mourn what’s subjective. They are shutters closed. Sometimes I imagine such men in flip-flops with fat towels draped over confident shoulders. I imagine they all live in Texas, and find South Padre too hot, and then I imagine them blaming diversity for everything. Here, in the middle of grief, we pout to the rhythm of their sentences. Suns hiss in their dreams. Soon such critics will meet daily for prayers. The Pharisees identify the guilty woman. They are gathering sticks for a witch burning. Curandera lit with the fire of sighs, casts spells, burns sage, sweats in a lodge, her own prayers flaming.For Erna Brodber Be ye my fictions; But her story. 
— Richard Crashaw    I can bring a halo into the night cave, quiet with music (do not ask the music), to her shaded there in the moon; her fine spectacles steam their pond rings; her animal eyes fix on the lintel of the door as the wax owl glances back at me. I am her little cotton tree the breeze combs white into a final note, her diminuendo poco a poco ...     Moon-afro, myself outpaces me in wonder of her. She goes off and I seep under the black sprout of her house, to rise a salmon bell on the hill dissolving mild cloud fractals, without grief or malice.Costa Rica    I finally find the witch. She is branch- boned, old, with knowing fingers. She says nothing. Walks me to a tall tree, a gourd hanging from a long line of jute. She pulls out a phone, asks me to type a note to my family. I do it, but can’t see how it can be sent from somewhere so deep. She scolds me, says that only tourists think the world can be escaped. The jungle’s green is the wild mind of God. The witch puts the phone into the gourd. Hand-over-hand, she raises this cradle to the top of the holy canopy.In a movie I have never seen: a small-town drunk stumbles into a beam of light & wakes up convinced he was abducted by aliens, convinced a hole opened in the sky & swallowed him — said they did something strange to his body some kind of experiment, said a hole opened, said cold light cauterized him shut, redefined that red theory, chrome instrument turned him into a skinless puzzle, a scrambled egg sealed back into its shell. Madness, too, can be accumulative. When my blood seemed uncontrollable, ran messy with pulp down their fingers, my cousins finally left the room, laughing closing the basement door behind them.I can’t leave my hurting skull Or the rose apple opening inside me. I’ll count the weeks, months, Unfurling each numbered day in my hair. Frost ribbons inside my brain, Canals push up my leg. I’m moving on To what the world needs me to know. I am the angel trapped inside the bullet. I am the exit wound trapped inside the angel. Am I the scarecrow Perched at the end of the human trail. I’ll palm cotton between my prayers Until the universe has passed, Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. What force propels a bullet From its chamber. Is it sourced by water Trickling in a karst cave, Or is it an angel’s gasp as she flees. I can’t answer it all, But my mask grows taller every year.You swear the twin spirits taught you to write. At night, you climbed the leaves to hear the gods. Catch in the throat. Hollow breath. ;  Paj is not pam is not pab. ;Blossom is not blanket is not help. ; ; Ntug is not ntuj is not ntub. ;    Edge is not sky is not wet. On sheet of bamboo with indigo branch. ;  To txiav is not the txias. ; ;  To scissor is not the cold. The obsidian mask will make its own sleep, leave behind the silver your body won’t shed. Now you are Niam Ntawv who was once a young farmer scrawling in secret toward the triggering day. When they could take no more, when all that you had was given, you lined your grave with paper.For John Ashbery    “Good Barber of the Pea!” I exhumed, high into the vag where the barber keeps his pea —  “Good Sprout!” His mouth, his gray, hunted tongue, always in the distance —  “No use denying we master the particular service we deny ourselves. In the shade of this pea (the sum of his shade and the gavel flexing above his head) I will become a milliner to cover what work I’ve done. Or else, I’ll begin anew at the infant chin, where nothing grows but chins! Outside, snails, vines, surpass me and must — gaining pews upon pews. But don’t think for a sec I don’t know the way out of here, that release is one hair — spiral stair — top of which cleavage evaporates”A snail sank — grand in puss and rime, on three coils (equals one tea-wheel) white. The wheel brings the bill, the bill — bald. Everyone goes in for the table, the tablecloth is of water. One says huh — one morning high on a grape I dropped off — a dunce —  and exacted my height, and rightly so: it is a height I won’t have made alone. It is a height erring on all sides. The bride slip’n slides on her back to us — then on her head (a ball-point pen), quicksand in her hair. A man beside her, his mouth is like a dark arch for her. My mouth is death to you! In this new rhythm how can I say, how can I thank you, for I feel a blessing running through my tale now, it shines —  intestines — that I will can.Feeling rich for one moment for using money as a bookmark Feeling deceitful for making public some opinions while neglecting others Feeling disordered at the sight of three statues conspiring in a row Feeling insufficient for having a lukewarm reaction to news Feeling important for having been offered a seat at the table Feeling apologetic for nonetheless tuning out an argument Feeling blue for identifying some people who don’t respect you Feeling like a knife slipping into a pool of water for bearing disagreement Feeling redundant for moving in a similar direction as others Feeling angry for imagining the opening of the passage yet unopened for you Feeling antisocial for declining further missives from homeThe future is one of place devoid of race. A jawbone under a sock is a geological clock. The plunking of rain on the termite-riddled windowpane: reading a Bible on that ledge is a tiny college. A Galápagos tortoise is killed (or, simply, unwilled). The Ebola virus weeps, or retires, because, like us, it tires. Meanwhile, below the subbasement, a Suede Revolution: the phlegmatic skill of the cryptographersoixante-huitards the teleprompter. The id in facsimile is suspended on a leash, twisting in the rain above that goddammed windowpane. Being is slightly corrupted by the Thinking that’s one-upped it (like the pun on pain) and will never love again.In the Egyptian café in London, I drank coffee with men smoking hookah. Draw in, breathe out. The cup was small, the coffee harsh. I had to catch a train from Marble Arch. A still point, Byzantine, one star in a galaxy of trillions, I had to find my friends. Who cares what happened? I moved like a bat, darted, skittered towards the river. An old lady inching towards her complex screamed when I tried to help her with her walker. It was my life. The rooftops fracture. If I hadn’t jostled the mosaic maybe I could stop the picture. Buildings of stirred beach glass. Cresting sunsets comb the face, refine the land. The world goes sad. Like now? Like now. Even the ancients felt slips, skips in experience plotted as mathematical fact.We opened the door to the fairy house & took our tea on matching pebble seats. Somehow we got out of there alive though something crystalline of us remains in that dark, growing its facets. We opened the door to the fairy house at the oak’s black ankle. You askedWhat could happen? as you disappeared somehow. We got out of there alive the strange tea still warm in our bellies. Inside, our hosts gave damn few answers.Who built that door? Is this a fairy house? They had no faces yet. We spoke into their quince-bud ears. You wept. Somehow we got out of there alive though we didn’t quite return. Our life is different now we’ve drunk the tea. They’re alive somehow. I got us out. Why did you open the door to the fairy house?Just tell me who the hell am I? What powers did I, do I hold? What right have I to say “my” or “mine” or “me” — all honey- glazed, all bullet-proofed and worshipful of any gangster “I”? The key to the Dollar Store hangs on my belt. Yes, “my” again. And what of roof, of bread, of loving laughter? What’s in? My vinyl favorite Booker Little, vintage, soothes me. He jars our ears with trumpet joy and stuff freed folks stash in cabinets. Never one to make too much of why we love and what, I love my powers. I might put you in my will.Perhaps, this morning, we’re there, normal and soon forgotten, as news is when it’s passed over breakfast, like love, something that’s always cast, too heavy to hold for long. We breathe it in, the bacon, the coffee. We listen to the little quavers as the local tongues, water over rock, rise and fall, like stones skipping soft into the white that smoothed them. The women speak like grandmothers, softly opening their mouths, opening and drawing advice from themselves, like biscuits, and offering in kindness a little more than anyone could ask, more than anyone can take. I know their pitying. It looks like patience, the look on everyone’s faces as the peddler shuffles in his blindness, black hand held open, everyone awaiting the hiss of door, the whisper in everyone’s throats, breaking from patience into pleasure.I lied when Pops asked, but I’ll admit it now. I did touch the blue egg to see if, somehow, it felt as much like the sky as it looked. The egg: speckled in its twiggy nest, eye level to 8-year-olds, perfect & off-limits like the Baoding balls on Pops’ desk. We tried to find its mom, but the finches scattered when we came near. One twittered the alarm from a maple. Others balanced on wires, flapped wings at us like we were gravity. I can still see how carefully Garrett scooped the egg from the nest, then headed out to find a spot on the March concrete to drop it. I want to see if these things break into pieces or in half like on TVWe danced to rancorous tunes on spiked ground and our knees sang with each puncture, so that several agouti colonies, melanic in our russet strengths, learned as wild rats to scurry or guard ourselves from skin-spite. Immune from nocturnal drowsiness we strong-bellied creatures assembled, campaigned; gyrated to blowed trumpets and cradled songs, but, us black rats with our rogue swagger that spoke of foreign ports, pranced our survival shuffle in night’s murky dance halls. Each step our single prayer, each jab our benediction. This tart sermon containered our septic hurts and lean swaggers. On the strike of dawn, we skittered from shadows, the redeemed walking day’s straight-road into warpland.She’s got a hundred & two temperature, delivery room nurses said. You’re gonna live, though — long enough to know you’re going to go as quickly as you came, gonna make your mother swear by you, going to shake your Bible with red-tipped nails before you vanish into Chicago South Side skies that bleed — not like watercolor, not like a wound, not like a fat, bitten plum — not necessarily. No, not necessarily. Nothing that precious or predictable. Speak nicely to others & they will nicelyspeak to you, your mother said. No, not so, you said fairly close to the end. No time to wait for mother’s ride home or for saviors, coming soon.After Lucille Clifton    Vulture, follow me up: here is the arm my mother held me aloft with (as well as she could, until she couldn’t), it is cut free of her body now, pulled away from her shoulder, away from her breath, as you, Vulture, point your wing toward her offered heart, toward me —  let’s pound her fingers into paste, pound the hand open, come down, I chant, each word opens the sky, the clouds need to be warned — once she was hand & now she is wing, once she was dirt & now she is air, she was food & now she is bird, she was lifted & now she is gone.After Les Murray    Inside the sandpit you are playing for your life. Your bucket and spade that smiled all day long, like family in your satchel, now work hard. Your material is sand. It weaves a universe where you are huge, the cellar behind you, eclipsed by twelve chestnut trees and their pigeon gods. On and on you burrow, into your sanctuary, devotion’s priest. There are rituals to do, like counting leaves on the sky’s loom. Any lapse and you tumble back into the brain’s forks, rick-racking the minutes for the lock that unclicks, the coffining dark, the hooded stranger with Papa’s voice, the makeshift bed.;    I would imagine underneath those warming bear hugs was a kinda kind of soul as your many poems attest. Those summer breezes. Those many hazy sunsets nature’s voices echoing afar. A life continually fulfilled bordering on the empty and those inexplicable tragedies, those bad timings unreconciled, then reconciled with time. You had no answer that would satisfy your curiosity and the why, the wherewithal just round the bend. The morning mists descending in an angled quietude. A birdcall here and there. A rising wind unfurled and furling at the top-most branches of a conifer. Those wetlands mysterioso. A last-known address unknown at last.For Joseph Flum    When he got to the farmhouse, he rifled through the cabinets, drawers, and cupboards, and his buddies did too. The place was abandoned, or so he thought, and his buddies did too. He tried to talk to people in town, and his buddies did too, but he was the only one whose Yiddish made it across into German. They took his meaning. He, in the farmhouse, took a camera and a gun, but his buddies, who knows. About the gun, it’s also hard to say, but after the war he took up photography, why not, and shot beautiful women for years. Got pretty good at it, and how. Won prizes and engraved plates, put them in a drawer, forgot the war, forgot his buddies, forgot the women, forgot the drawer.A lavender fog breeds with our children. Our girls are dying on the roadsides, their wombs pried open by the scramble that grows inside. Save us from the lavender fog —  it’s the ghosts of your dead people, who have never bothered our village before. Their shapes convulse in our water sources. When we get close enough to hear their ghostly voices, they say yum-yum pleadingly and shout out better better as in I’ll get better. Some of our children have taken these as lyrics. Your ghosts are corrupting the youth. Stop using us as musical instruments, this is a great taboo you have violated! Go back to making tubes of wood vibrate and scraping your goat gut.There is a white stone cliff over a dropping slope sliced along with bare trees. In the center of the cliff is a round dry fountain of polished stone. By seizing my whole body up as I clench my hand I am able to open the fountain into a drain, revealing below it the sky, the trees, a brown and uncertain ground. This is how my heart works, you see? This is how love works? Have some sympathy for the great spasms with which I must open myself to love and close again, and open. And if I leapt into the fountain, there is just no telling: I might sever myself clean, or crack the gold bloom of my head, and I don’t know onto what uncertain ground I might fold like a sack.This is the sound of the bell. It rings, full of brass and the end it brings: once for the children, once for the child who sits alone. His eyes hurt and mild, he waits, holding his things. Time should hold no meaning for him yet. You don’t learn how to play; you forget. But he knows a while well, and longs for the clang of the bell. A bell is a room of nothing. No, a dome with a hidden swing —  a will, a sway, a tone, a peal, the beginning of song. The wild crowd nears, passes, laughing. Here is the sound of the bell.paint over thedead end sign ; ;  are police writers? ; ;  yes they are writing into ; ; ; ; ; ;    books our ; ; ; ; ; little cherub of ; ; ;    misunderstanding ; ;    a thinking to push us ; ; ;back into body of the ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   wholelove yourself more next time ; ; ; ;  their reports read stones sink as they please everything expands at the very end a lit cigarette into our dark helloWhere we’d recently lain, exchanging a kiss, stork consorted with crane,  limpkin with ibis.  Was this as much wedding as there would ever be, the fowls’ foot-webbing, the identificatory  ring around a throat? Exchange of earth and air: not a vow but a vote of confidence a feather  might tip by a single scale ...     That one’s a raconteur, so much salt in his tale; this one’s a countertenor,  lilting above the feast. The archon of his hectare  — spotted — spotted least. Here’s a little heckler ...      penciled seagull in the margin. Following line by line the path you took, I imagine no print so fine.; ; ; ; ;   this is ; ; ; ; ;  exactly ; ; ; ;    the kind ; ; ; ;    of space ; ; ; ;   I want to ; ;  follow you into ;  holding your little mute worm on a twig make it marble make it touch like tough winter in the next life we will have longer love better places with extended embraces now we leave the song to return to the front ;leaf closing on closeness of ;mothers in the next worldoverseeing premiumwaste of the planetreincarnateanywherebut here    land on a different rimII 
Keep me fully glad with nothing. Only take my hand in your hand. 
In the gloom of the deepening night take up my heart and play with it as you list. Bind me close to you with nothing. 
I will spread myself out at your feet and lie still. Under this clouded sky I will meet silence with silence. I will become one with the night clasping the earth in my breast. 
Make my life glad with nothing. 
The rains sweep the sky from end to end. Jasmines in the wet untamable wind revel in their own perfume. The cloud-hidden stars thrill in secret. Let me fill to the full my heart with nothing but my own depth of joy.Once you saw a drove of young pigs crossing the highway. One of them pulling his body by the front feet, the hind legs dragging flat. Without thinking, you called the Humane Society. They came with a net and went for him. They were matter of fact, uniformed; there were two of them, their truck ominous, with a cage. He was hiding in the weeds. It was then you saw his eyes. He understood. He was trembling. After they took him, you began to suffer regret. Years later, you remember his misfit body scrambling to reach the others. Even at this moment, your heart is going too fast; your hands sweat.Farewell to the starlight in whiskey, So long to the sunshine in beer. The booze made me cocky and frisky But worried the man in the mirror. Goodnight to the moonlight in brandy, Adieu to the warmth of the wine. I think I can finally stand me Without a glass or a stein. Bye-bye to the balm in the vodka, Ta-ta to the menthol in gin. I'm trying to do what I ought to, Rejecting that snake medicine. I won't miss the blackouts and vomit, The accidents and regret. If I can stay off the rotgut, There might be a chance for me yet. So so long to God in a bottle, To the lies of rum and vermouth. Let me slake my thirst with water And the sweet, transparent truth.Dead before I came into this world, grandfather, I carry your name, yet I've never met you. I hear my name, and know that somehow they refer to you. When I scribble those six letters fast, to sign some document or print them neatly in a box, I feel your presence flow with the ink stain and burn through the paper, forever imprinted in my mind. Late summer nights gathered around the dinner table, leftovers being cleared away, faces clouded in cigarette smoke, I hear voices pass the word back and forth in reverence. Somehow I know it's not me the little one grabbing for attention. They speak of you, Andrei, the one I've never met, whose name I carry.My mother weeping in the dark hallway, in the arms of a man, not my father, as I sat at the top of the stairs unnoticed— my mother weeping and pleading for what I didn't know then and can still only imagine— for things to be somehow other than they were, not knowing what I would change, for, or to, or why, only that my mother was weeping in the arms of a man not me, and the rain brought down the winter sky and hid me in the walls that looked on, indifferent to my mother's weeping, or mine, in the rain that brought down the dark afternoon.Whine as though a pine tree is bowing a broken violin,
As though a bandsaw cleaves a thousand thin sheets of ;  titanium;
They chime like freight wheels on a Norfolk Southern ;  slowing into town.
But all you ever see is the silence.
Husks, glued to the underside of maple leaves.
With their nineteen fifties Bakelite lines they'd do ; just as well hanging from the ceiling of a space ; museum —
What cicadas leave behind is a kind of crystallized memory;
The stubborn detail of, the shape around a life turned
The color of forgotten things: a cold broth of tea & milk ; in the bottom of a mug.
Or skin on an old tin of varnish you have to lift with ; lineman's pliers.
A fly paper that hung thirty years in Bird Cooper's pantry ; in Brighton.As the stores close, a winter light ;opens air to iris blue, ;glint of frost through the smoke ;grains of mica, salt of the sidewalk. As the buildings close, released autonomous ;   feet pattern the streets ;in hurry and stroll; balloon heads ;drift and dive above them; the bodies ;   aren't really there. As the lights brighten, as the sky darkens, ;a woman with crooked heels says to another woman ;   while they step along at a fair pace, ;"You know, I'm telling you, what I love best ;   is life. I love life! Even if I ever get ;to be old and wheezy—or limp! You know? ;   Limping along?—I'd still ... "To tell the truth, those brick Housing Authority buildings For whose loveliness no soul had planned, Like random dominoes stood, worn out and facing each other, Creating the enclosure that was our home. Long basement corridors connected one house to another And had a special smell, from old bicycles and baby carriages In the storage rooms. The elevators Were used by kissing teenagers. The playground—iron swingchains, fences, iron monkey bars, Iron seesaw handles, doubtless now rusted— Left a strong iron smell on my hands and in the autumn air And rang with cries. To me it is even precious Where they chased the local Mongoloid, yelling “Stupid Joey! Stupid Joey!” Now I’ve said everything nice I can about this.Beside the highway, the Giant Slide with its rusty undulations lifts out of the weeds. It hasn’t been used for a generation. The ticket booth tilts to that side where the nickels shifted over the years. A chain link fence keeps out the children and drunks. Blue morning glories climb halfway up the stairs, bright clusters of laughter. Call it a passing fancy, this slide that nobody slides down now. Those screams have all gone east on a wind that will never stop blowing down from the Rockies and over the plains, where things catch on for a little while, bright leaves in a fence, and then are gone.They have set aside their black tin boxes,    scratched and dented, spattered with drops of pink and blue;    and their dried-up, rolled-up tubes    of alizarin crimson, chrome green,    zinc white, and ultramarine; their vials half full of gold powder;    stubs of wax pencils; frayed brushes with tooth-bitten shafts;    and have gone in fashion and with grace    into the clouds of loose, lush roses,    narcissus, pansies, columbine,    on teapots, chocolate pots, saucers and cups, the good Haviland dishes    spread like a garden on the white lace Sunday cloth,    as if their souls were bees and the world had been nothing but flowers.From the tower window the moon draws a silver maple’s shadow across a spangled lawn; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;horses rear, manes lashing the air, front legs floating. ; ; ; ; ; ; Half monarch, half shadow, the tree aspires to the sky; one branch, cracked by lightning, scrapes the earth. ; ; ; ; ;   Reflected on the grass, bent twigs are curved hooves, galloping as the moon rises. Divided it stands in wholeness, mourning its victories, praising the god of trees, the king of horses. The tree holds souls in a bark prison poised like a runner at the starting line— and bolts free, wildly pawing the ground those roots lie under.“Is there no balm in Gilead?” So cries dour Jeremiah in granite tones. “There is a balm in Gilead,” replies a Negro spiritual. The baritone who chants it, leaning forward on the platform, looks up, not knowing his voice is a rainstorm that rinses air to reveal earth’s surprises. Today, the summer gone, four monarch butterflies, their breed’s survivors, sucked a flower’s last blooms, opened their wings, orange-and-black stained glass, and printed on the sky in zigzag lines, watch bright things rise: winter moons, the white undersides of a California condor, once thought doomed, now flapping wide like the first bird from ashes.This admirable gadget, when it is Wound on a string and spun with steady force, Maintains its balance on most any smooth Surface, pleasantly humming as it goes. It is whirled not on a constant course, but still Stands in unshivering integrity For quite some time, meaning nothing perhaps But being something agreeable to watch, A silver nearly silence gleaning a still- ness out of speed, composing unity From spin, so that its hollow spaces seem Solids of light, until it wobbles and Begins to whine, and then with an odd lunge Eccentric and reckless, it skids away And drops dead into its own skeleton.When he was my age and I was already a boy my father made a machine in the garage. A wired piece of steel with many small and beautiful welds ground so smooth they resembled rows of pearls. He went broke with whatever it was. He held it so carefully in his arms. He carried it foundry to foundry. I think it was his harp, I think it was what he longed to make with his hands for the world. He moved it finally from the locked closet to the bedroom to the garage again where he hung it on the wall until I climbed and pulled it down and rubbed it clean and tried to make it work.Sometimes up out of this land    a legend begins to move. Is it a coming near of something under love? Love is of the earth only,    the surface, a map of roads    leading wherever go miles    or little bushes nod. Not so the legend under,    fixed, inexorable, deep as the darkest mine    the thick rocks won't tell. As fire burns the leaf and out of the green appears    the vein in the center line and the legend veins under there, So, the world happens twice— once what we see it as; second it legends itself deep, the way it is.The man sits in a timelessness    with the horse under him in time    to a movement of legs and hooves    upon a timeless sand. Distance comes in from the foreground    present in the picture as time he reads outward from and comes from that beginning. A wind blows in and out and all about the man    as the horse ran and runs to come in time. A house is burning in the sand.    A man and horse are burning.    The wind is burning. They are running to arrive.Don’t let that horse ; ; ; ; ; ; eat that violin ;cried Chagall’s mother ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   But he ; ; ; ; ; kept right on ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   painting And became famous And kept on painting ; ; ; ; ; ; The Horse With Violin In Mouth And when he finally finished it he jumped up upon the horse ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; and rode away ; ;    waving the violin And then with a low bow gave it to the first naked nude he ran across And there were no strings ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; attachedThe most popular “act” in Penn Station is the three black kids in ratty sneakers & T-shirts playing two violins and a cello—Brahms. White men in business suits have already dug into their pockets as they pass and they toss in a dollar or two without stopping. Brown men in work-soiled khakis stand with their mouths open, arms crossed on their bellies as if they themselves have always wanted to attempt those bars. One white boy, three, sits cross-legged in front of his idols—in ecstasy— their slick, dark faces, their thin, wiry arms, who must begin to look like angels! Why does this trembling pull us? A: Beneath the surface we are one. B: Amazing! I did not think that they could speak this tongue.(to JK)    Those scars rooted me. Stigmata stalagmite I sat at a drive-in and watched the stars Through a straw while the Coke in my lap went Waterier and waterier. For days on end or Nights no end I crawled on all fours or in My case no fours to worship you: Amoeba Behemoth. —Then you explained your DNA calls for Meaner genes than mine and since you are merely So to speak its external expression etcet Ergo among your lovers I’ll never be ... Ah that movie was so faraway the stars melting Made my thighs icy. I see: it’s not you Who is not requiting me, it’s something in you Over which you have no say says no to me.is thought to be a confession, won by endless torture, but which our interrogators must hate to record—all those old code names, dates, the standard narrative of sandpaper throats, even its remorse, fall ignored. Far away, a late (not lost) messenger stares, struck by window bargains or is it the gift of a sudden solicitude: is she going to lift up her shadow’s weight, shift hers onto it? She knows who bears whom. In that momentary museum where memory occurs more accrue of those torturers’ pincers than lessened fingernails, eyes teased to a pulp, we beg for closeups. Ormolus, objets d’art!  A satyr drains an hourglass with one gulp.(homage Jacob van Hoddis)    The CIA and the KGB exchange Christmas cards A blade snaps in two during an autopsy The bouquet Bluebeard gave his first date reblooms Many protest the public stoning of a guitar pick Railroad trains drop off the bourgeois’ pointy head A martyr sticks a coffeecup out under a firehose Moviestars make hyenas lick their spaceship God’s hand descends into a glove held steady by the police At their reunion The New Faces recognize each other A spoiled child sleeps inside a thermometer A single misprint in a survival manual kills everyone The peace night makes according to the world comesThe children are hiding among the raspberry canes. They look big to one another, the garden small. Already in their mouths this soft fruit That lasts so briefly in the supermarket Tastes like the past. The gritty wall, Behind the veil of leaves, is hollow. There are yellow wasps inside it. The children know. They know the wall is hard, although it hums. They know a lot and will not forget it soon. When did we forget? But we were never Children, never found where they were hiding And hid with them, never followed The wasp down into its nest With a fingertip that still tingles. We lie in bed at night, thinking about The future, always the future, always forgetting That it will be the past, hard and hollow, Veiled and humming, soon enough.The grocery had provided him with boxes of rotten lettuce He was loading them onto a yellow pick-up truck He was a frail white man and wore a plaid woolen shirt and frayed dungarees I was sitting in a gray chevrolet rent-a-dent “I have eight adult geese and twenty-six ducks,” he said and i said “I’ll bet you have a big management problem,” and he said “They’re no trouble at all. My wife raised two of them in the house. When she goes near their pen the geese waddle towards her and nibble the lettuce out of her hand” “I'd never think of killing them” he said “They keep me out of the bars”With only his dim lantern    To tell him where he is And every time a mountain    Of fresh corpses to load up Take them to the other side Where there are plenty more I’d say by now he must be confused    As to which side is which I’d say it doesn’t matter No one complains he’s got Their pockets to go through In one a crust of bread in another a sausage Once in a long while a mirror    Or a book which he throws    Overboard into the dark river    Swift and cold and deepHow much death works, No one knows what a long Day he puts in. The little Wife always alone Ironing death’s laundry. The beautiful daughters Setting death’s supper table. The neighbors playing Pinochle in the backyard Or just sitting on the steps Drinking beer. Death, Meanwhile, in a strange Part of town looking for Someone with a bad cough, But the address is somehow wrong, Even death can’t figure it out Among all the locked doors ...    And the rain beginning to fall. Long windy night ahead. Death with not even a newspaper To cover his head, not even A dime to call the one pining away, Undressing slowly, sleepily, And stretching naked On death’s side of the bed.It hangs from heaven to earth. There are trees in it, cities, rivers,    small pigs and moons. In one corner the snow falling over a charging cavalry,    in another women are planting rice. You can also see: a chicken carried off by a fox, a naked couple on their wedding night, a column of smoke, an evil-eyed woman spitting into a pail of milk. What is behind it? —Space, plenty of empty space. And who is talking now? —A man asleep under his hat. What happens when he wakes up? —He’ll go into a barbershop. They’ll shave his beard, nose, ears, and hair,    To make him look like everyone else.You would think the fury of aerial bombardment Would rouse God to relent; the infinite spaces Are still silent. He looks on shock-pried faces. History, even, does not know what is meant. You would feel that after so many centuries God would give man to repent; yet he can kill As Cain could, but with multitudinous will, No farther advanced than in his ancient furies. Was man made stupid to see his own stupidity? Is God by definition indifferent, beyond us all? Is the eternal truth man’s fighting soul Wherein the Beast ravens in its own avidity? Of Van Wettering I speak, and Averill, Names on a list, whose faces I do not recall But they are gone to early death, who late in school Distinguished the belt feed lever from the belt holding pawl.When the sun’s whiteness closes around us Like a noose, It is noon, and Molina squats In the uneven shade of an oleander. He unfolds a map and, with a pencil, Blackens Panama Into a bruise; He dots rain over Bogotá, the city of spiders, And x’s in a mountain range that climbs Like a thermometer Above the stone fence The old never thought to look over. A fog presses over Lima. Brazil is untangled of its rivers. Where there is a smudge, Snow has stitched its cold into the field. Where the river Orinoco cuts east, A new river rises nameless From the open grasses, And Molina calls it his place of birth.In the steamer is the trout    seasoned with slivers of ginger, two sprigs of green onion, and sesame oil.    We shall eat it with rice for lunch,    brothers, sister, my mother who will    taste the sweetest meat of the head,    holding it between her fingers    deftly, the way my father did    weeks ago. Then he lay down    to sleep like a snow-covered road    winding through pines older than him,    without any travelers, and lonely for no one.Touching your goodness, I am like a man Who turns a letter over in his hand And you might think this was because the hand Was unfamiliar but, truth is, the man Has never had a letter from anyone; And now he is both afraid of what it means And ashamed because he has no other means To find out what it says than to ask someone. His uncle could have left the farm to him, Or his parents died before he sent them word, Or the dark girl changed and want him for beloved. Afraid and letter-proud, he keeps it with him. What would you call his feeling for the words That keep him rich and orphaned and beloved?Limped out of the hot sky a hurt plane, Held off, held off, whirring pretty pigeon, Hit then and scuttled to a crooked stop. The stranger pilot who emerged—this was the seashore, War came suddenly here—talked to the still mechanics Who nodded gravely. Flak had done it, he said, From an enemy ship attacked. ; ; ; ; ;They wheeled it with love Into the dark hangar’s mouth and tended it. Coffee and cake for the pilot then who sat alone In the restaurant, reading the numbered sheets That tell about weather. ; ; ; ; ;After, toward dusk, Mended the stranger plane went back to the sky. His curly-headed picture, and mother’s and medal’s pictures Were all we knew of him after he rose again, Those few electric jewels against the moth and whining sky.for Wendell Berry    Each face in the street is a slice of bread wandering on searching somewhere in the light the true hunger appears to be passing them by they clutch have they forgotten the pale caves they dreamed of hiding in their own caves full of the waiting of their footprints hung with the hollow marks of their groping full of their sleep and their hiding have they forgotten the ragged tunnels they dreamed of following in out of the light to hear step after step the heart of bread to be sustained by its dark breath and emerge to find themselves alone before a wheat field raising its radiance to the moonMatches among other things that were not allowed never would be lying high in a cool blue box that opened in other hands and there they all were bodies clean and smooth blue heads white crowns white sandpaper on the sides of the box scoring fire after fire gone before I could hear the scratch and flare when they were over and catch the smell of the striking I knew what the match would feel like lighting when I was very young a fire engine came and parked in the shadow of the big poplar tree on Fourth Street one night keeping its engine running pumping oxygen to the old woman in the basement when she died the red lights went on burningSoldiers are citizens of death's grey land, Drawing no dividend from time's to-morrows.    In the great hour of destiny they stand, Each with his feuds, and jealousies, and sorrows.    Soldiers are sworn to action; they must win    Some flaming, fatal climax with their lives. Soldiers are dreamers; when the guns begin They think of firelit homes, clean beds and wives. I see them in foul dug-outs, gnawed by rats, And in the ruined trenches, lashed with rain,    Dreaming of things they did with balls and bats, And mocked by hopeless longing to regain    Bank-holidays, and picture shows, and spats, And going to the office in the train.Adam, a brown old vulture in the rain,    Shivered below his wind-whipped olive-trees;    Huddling sharp chin on scarred and scraggy knees,    He moaned and mumbled to his darkening brain;   ‘He was the grandest of them all—was Cain!    ‘A lion laired in the hills, that none could tire;    ‘Swift as a stag; a stallion of the plain, ‘Hungry and fierce with deeds of huge desire.’ Grimly he thought of Abel, soft and fair— A lover with disaster in his face, And scarlet blossom twisted in bright hair.    ‘Afraid to fight; was murder more disgrace? ...‘God always hated Cain’ ... He bowed his head— The gaunt wild man whose lovely sons were dead.Along the grave green downs, this idle afternoon, Shadows of loitering silver clouds, becalmed in blue, Bring, like unfoldment of a flower, the best of June. Shadows outspread in spacious movement, always you Have dappled the downs and valleys at this time of year, While larks, ascending shrill, praised freedom as they flew. Now, through that song, a fighter-squadron’s drone I hear From Scratchbury Camp, whose turfed and cowslip’d rampart seems More hill than history, ageless and oblivion-blurred. I walk the fosse, once manned by bronze and flint-head spear; On war’s imperious wing the shafted sun-ray gleams: One with the warm sweet air of summer stoops the bird. Cloud shadows, drifting slow like heedless daylight dreams, Dwell and dissolve; uncircumstanced they pause and pass. I watch them go. My horse, contented, crops the grass.Hurt, hurtful, snake-charmed, struck white together half an hour we tear through the half-dark after some sweet core, under, over gravity, some white shore ...spin, hidden one, spin, trusted to me! laugh sore tooth sucked warm, sweet; sweet wine running cool through new dry shrewd turnings of my soul, opening veins. Gull-feathers beating, beating! Gliding. Still, sidelong eye ... wings beating like words against my eyes. And your eyes— o brother-animal, mild, terrible!—your eyes wait, have been waiting, knowing, unknowable, on that sky shore. A life is waiting. Its webbed hand reached out ...Trust me! truth- telling fish of the sky! your hand beyond my hand, your phosphorous trail broken, lost.Love is no more. It died as the mind dies: the pure desire Relinquishing the blissful form it wore, The ample joy and clarity expire. Regret is vain. Then do not grieve for what you would efface, The sudden failure of the past, the pain Of its unwilling change, and the disgrace. Leave innocence, And modify your nature by the grief Which poses to the will indifference That no desire is permanent in sense. Take leave of me. What recompense, or pity, or deceit Can cure, or what assumed serenity Conceal the mortal loss which we repeat? The mind will change, and change shall be relief.Absolute zero: the locust sings: summer’s caught in eternity’s rings: the rock explodes, the planet dies, we shovel up our verities. The razor rasps across the face and in the glass our fleeting race lit by infinity’s lightning wink under the thunder tries to think. In this frail gourd the granite pours the timeless howls like all outdoors the sensuous moment builds a wall open as wind, no wall at all: while still obedient to valves and knobs the vascular jukebox throbs and sobs expounding hope propounding yearning proposing love, but never learning or only learning at zero’s gate like summer’s locust the final hate formless ice on a formless plain that was and is and comes again.Those intervals between the day’s five calls to prayer the women of the house pulling thick threads through vegetables rosaries of ginger of rustling peppers in autumn drying for winter in those intervals this rug part of Grandma’s dowry folded so the Devil’s shadow would not desecrate Mecca scarlet-woven with minarets of gold but then the sunset call to prayer the servants their straw mats unrolled praying or in the garden in summer on grass the children wanting the prayers to end the women’s foreheads touching Abraham’s silk stone of sacrifice black stone descended from Heaven the pilgrims in white circling it this year my grandmother also a pilgrim in Mecca she weeps as the stone is unveiled she weeps holding on to the pillars (for Begum Zafar Ali)The fascination of what's difficult Has dried the sap out of my veins, and rent Spontaneous joy and natural content Out of my heart. There's something ails our colt That must, as if it had not holy blood Nor on Olympus leaped from cloud to cloud, Shiver under the lash, strain, sweat and jolt As though it dragged road metal. My curse on plays That have to be set up in fifty ways, On the day's war with every knave and dolt, Theatre business, management of men. I swear before the dawn comes round again I'll find the stable and pull out the bolt.You take a rock, your hand is hard. You raise your eyes, and there's a pair of small beloveds, caught in pails. The monocle and eyepatch correspond. You take a glove, your hand is soft. The ocean floor was done in lizardskin. Around a log or snag the surface currents run like lumber about a knot. A boat is bent to sea—we favor the medium we're in, our shape's around us. It takes time. At night, the bed alive, what teller of truth could tell the two apart? Lover, beloved, hope is command. Your hand is given, when you take a hand.Although it is night, I sit in the bathroom, waiting. Sweat prickles behind my knees, the baby-breasts are alert. Venetian blinds slice up the moon; the tiles quiver in pale strips. Then they come, the three seal men with eyes as round As dinner plates and eyelashes like sharpened tines. They bring the scent of licorice. One sits in the washbowl, One on the bathtub edge; one leans against the door. “Can you feel it yet?” they whisper. I don’t know what to say, again. They chuckle, Patting their sleek bodies with their hands. “Well, maybe next time.” And they rise, Glittering like pools of ink under moonlight, And vanish. I clutch at the ragged holes They leave behind, here at the edge of darkness. Night rests like a ball of fur on my tongue.In the old neighborhood, each funeral parlor is more elaborate than the last. The alleys smell of cops, pistols bumping their thighs, each chamber steeled with a slim blue bullet. Low-rent balconies stacked to the sky. A boy plays tic-tac-toe on a moon crossed by TV antennae, dreams he has swallowed a blue bean. It takes root in his gut, sprouts and twines upward, the vines curling around the sockets and locking them shut. And this sky, knotting like a dark tie? The patroller, disinterested, holds all the beans. August. The mums nod past, each a prickly heart on a sleeve.I was ill, lying on my bed of old papers, when you came with white rabbits in your arms; and the doves scattered upwards, flying to mothers, and the snails sighed under their baggage of stone . . . Now your tongue grows like celery between us: Because of our love-cries, cabbage darkens in its nest; the cauliflower thinks of her pale, plump children and turns greenish-white in a light like the ocean’s. I was sick, fainting in the smell of teabags, when you came with tomatoes, a good poetry. I am being wooed. I am being conquered by a cliff of limestone that leaves chalk on my breasts.The face looking into the room; Behind it light, shaking, like heat Lightning; the face calm and knowing; Seeing, but not seeing who I am; The mouth may be telling something. Something about our helplessness; Something about the confusions of beasts; The consequence of error; systems Haywire, or working; the stars gone All wrong in the body’s courses. Out on the plain of Mars, brilliantly Played under the lights, searched out Beyond any answer, the game went on Far into the night; the bloodiest came Home from the battle seeking the prize. The women were disgraced; hair streaming, Pleading into the staring: buy, buy—; Was it my daughter I was seeing?— The humiliation was pleasing: tears, Laughter, smiles, all mingled together. The light swallowed itself, a balloon Deflating; somewhere in the darkness A murmuring let itself go.Lying in bed and waiting to find out Whatever is going to happen: the window shade Making its slightest sound as the night wind, Outside, in the night, breathes quietly on it; It is parental hovering over the infantile; Something like that; it is like being a baby, And over the sleep of the baby there is a father, Or mother, breathing, hovering; the streetlight light In the nighttime branches breathing quietly too; Altering; realtering; it is the body breathing; The crib of knowing: something about what the day Will bring; and something about what the night will hold, Safely, at least for the rest of the night, I pray.Whatever we do, whether we light strangers’ cigarettes—it may turn out to be a detective wanting to know who is free    with a light on a lonely street nights— or whether we turn away and get a knife planted between our shoulders for our discourtesy;    whatever we do—whether we marry for love    and wake up to find love is a task, or whether for convenience to find love    must be won over, or we are desperate— whatever we do; save by dying, and there too we are caught, by being planted too close to our parents.This tree has two million and seventy-five thousand leaves. Perhaps I missed a leaf or two but I do feel triumphant at having persisted in counting by hand branch by branch and marked down on paper with pencil each total. Adding them up was a pleasure I could understand; I did something on my own that was not dependent on others, and to count leaves is not less meaningful than to count the stars, as astronomers are always doing. They want the facts to be sure they have them all. It would help them to know whether the world is finite. I discovered one tree that is finite. I must try counting the hairs on my head, and you too. We could swap information.Content that now the bleeding bone be swept Out of her reach, she lay upon her side. In a blonde void sunk deep, she slept, she slept Bland as a child, slept, breathing like a bride. Color of noons that shimmer as they sing Above the dunes, her sandy flanks heaved slow. Between her paws curled inward, billowing Waves of desert silence seemed to flow. The crowd was gone, the bars were gone, the cage Thinned into air, the sawdust and the fleas Winnowed by sleep to nothing. After food, Absence possessed her: bliss keener than rage, If slumber’s prisoner at a bound could seize This ghostly freedom, lapping it like blood.Echo that loved hid within a wood Would to herself rehearse her weary woe: O, she cried, and all the rest unsaid Identical came back in sorry echo. Echo for the fix that she was in Invisible, distraught by mocking passion, Passionate, ignored, as good as dumb, Employed that O unchanged in repetition. Shun love if you suspect that he shuns you, Use with him no reproaches whatsoever. Ever you knew, supposing him to know No melody from which you might recover- Cover your ears, dear Echo, do not hear. Here is no supplication but your own, Only your sighs return upon the air Ere their music from the mouth be gone.Earth rais'd up her head, From the darkness dread & drear. Her light fled: Stony dread! And her locks cover'd with grey despair. Prison'd on watry shore Starry Jealousy does keep my den Cold and hoar Weeping o'er I hear the Father of the ancient men Selfish father of men Cruel, jealous, selfish fear Can delight Chain'd in night The virgins of youth and morning bear. Does spring hide its joy When buds and blossoms grow? Does the sower? Sow by night? Or the plowman in darkness plow? Break this heavy chain, That does freeze my bones around Selfish! vain! Eternal bane! That free Love with bondage bound.Women have no wilderness in them, They are provident instead, Content in the tight hot cell of their hearts To eat dusty bread. They do not see cattle cropping red winter grass, They do not hear Snow water going down under culverts Shallow and clear. They wait, when they should turn to journeys, They stiffen, when they should bend. They use against themselves that benevolence To which no man is friend. They cannot think of so many crops to a field Or of clean wood cleft by an axe. Their love is an eager meaninglessness Too tense, or too lax. They hear in every whisper that speaks to them A shout and a cry. As like as not, when they take life over their door-sills They should let it go by.Whose was that gentle voice, that, whispering sweet, ;  Promised methought long days of bliss sincere! ;  Soothing it stole on my deluded ear, Most like soft music, that might sometimes cheat Thoughts dark and drooping! ’Twas the voice of Hope. ;  Of love and social scenes, it seemed to speak, ;  Of truth, of friendship, of affection meek; That, oh! poor friend, might to life’s downward slope Lead us in peace, and bless our latest hours. ;  Ah me! the prospect saddened as she sung; ;  Loud on my startled ear the death-bell rung; Chill darkness wrapt the pleasurable bowers, Whilst Horror, pointing to yon breathless clay, “No peace be thine,” exclaimed, “away, away!”Evening! as slow thy placid shades descend, ;  Veiling with gentlest hush the landscape still, ;  The lonely battlement, the farthest hill And wood, I think of those who have no friend; Who now, perhaps, by melancholy led, ;  From the broad blaze of day, where pleasure flaunts, ;  Retiring, wander to the ring-dove’s haunts Unseen; and watch the tints that o’er thy bed Hang lovely; oft to musing Fancy’s eye ;  Presenting fairy vales, where the tir’d mind ;  Might rest beyond the murmurs of mankind, Nor hear the hourly moans of misery! Alas for man! that Hope’s fair views the while Should smile like you, and perish as they smile!1 By night when others soundly slept And hath at once both ease and Rest, My waking eyes were open kept And so to lie I found it best. 2 I sought him whom my Soul did Love, With tears I sought him earnestly. He bow’d his ear down from Above. In vain I did not seek or cry. 3 My hungry Soul he fill’d with Good; He in his Bottle put my tears, My smarting wounds washt in his blood, And banisht thence my Doubts and fears. 4 What to my Saviour shall I give Who freely hath done this for me? I’ll serve him here whilst I shall live And Loue him to Eternity.Oh, good gigantic smile o’ the brown old earth,    This autumn morning! How he sets his bones
To bask i’ the sun, and thrusts out knees and feet
For the ripple to run over in its mirth;    Listening the while, where on the heap of stones
The white breast of the sea-lark twitters sweet.
That is the doctrine, simple, ancient, true;    Such is life’s trial, as old earth smiles and knows.
If you loved only what were worth your love,
Love were clear gain, and wholly well for you:    Make the low nature better by your throes!
Give earth yourself, go up for gain above!Chorus Ca' the yowes to the knowes, Ca' them where the heather grows Ca' them where the burnie rows, ;  My bonie dearie. Hark! the mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang, Then a-fauldin let us gang, ;  My bonie dearie. We'll gae down by Cluden side, Thro' the hazels spreading wide, O'er the waves that sweetly glide ;  To the moon sae clearly. Yonder Cluden's silent towers, Where at moonshine midnight hours, O'er the dewy-bending flowers, ;  Fairies dance sae cheery. Ghaist nor bogle shalt thou fear; Thou 'rt to love and Heaven sae dear, Nocht of ill may come thee near, ;  My bonie dearie. Fair and lovely as thou art, Thou hast stown my very heart; I can die—but canna part, ;  My bonie dearie.Follow your saint, follow with accents sweet;
Haste you, sad notes, fall at her flying feet.
There, wrapp'd in cloud of sorrow, pity move,
And tell the ravisher of my soul I perish for her love:
But if she scorns my never-ceasing pain,
Then burst with sighing in her sight and ne'er return again.  All that I sung still to her praise did tend,
Still she was first; still she my songs did end;
Yet she my love and music both doth fly,
The music that her echo is and beauty's sympathy.
Then let my notes pursue her scornful flight:
It shall suffice that they were breath'd and died for her delight.This little vault, this narrow room, Of Love, and Beauty, is the tomb; The dawning beam that gan to clear Our clouded sky, lies darken'd here, Forever set to us, by death Sent to inflame the world beneath. 'Twas but a bud, yet did contain More sweetness than shall spring again; A budding star that might have grown Into a sun, when it had blown. This hopeful beauty did create New life in Love's declining state; But now his empire ends, and we From fire and wounding darts are free; His brand, his bow, let no man fear, The flames, the arrows, all lie here.A boat beneath a sunny sky, Lingering onward dreamily In an evening of July — Children three that nestle near, Eager eye and willing ear, Pleased a simple tale to hear — Long has paled that sunny sky: Echoes fade and memories die: Autumn frosts have slain July. Still she haunts me, phantomwise, Alice moving under skies Never seen by waking eyes. Children yet, the tale to hear, Eager eye and willing ear, Lovingly shall nestle near. In a Wonderland they lie, Dreaming as the days go by, Dreaming as the summers die: Ever drifting down the stream — Lingering in the golden gleam — Life, what is it but a dream?Say not the struggle nought availeth, ; The labour and the wounds are vain, The enemy faints not, nor faileth, ; And as things have been they remain. If hopes were dupes, fears may be liars; ; It may be, in yon smoke concealed, Your comrades chase e'en now the fliers, ;And, but for you, possess the field. For while the tired waves, vainly breaking ; Seem here no painful inch to gain, Far back through creeks and inlets making, ; Comes silent, flooding in, the main. And not by eastern windows only, ; When daylight comes, comes in the light, In front the sun climbs slow, how slowly, ; But westward, look, the land is bright."How seldom, friend! a good great man inherits    Honour or wealth with all his worth and pains!
It sounds like stories from the land of spirits
If any man obtain that which he merits    Or any merit that which he obtains."
REPLY TO THE ABOVE   For shame, dear friend, renounce this canting strain!
What would'st thou have a good great man obtain?
Place? titles? salary? a gilded chain?
Or throne of corses which his sword had slain?
Greatness and goodness are not means, but ends!
Hath he not always treasures, always friends,
The good great man? three treasures, LOVE, and LIGHT,    And CALM THOUGHTS, regular as infant's breath:
And three firm friends, more sure than day and night,    HIMSELF, his MAKER, and the ANGEL DEATH!Know you fair, on what you look; Divinest love lies in this book, Expecting fire from your eyes, To kindle this his sacrifice. When your hands untie these strings, Think you’have an angel by th’ wings. One that gladly will be nigh, To wait upon each morning sigh. To flutter in the balmy air Of your well-perfumed prayer. These white plumes of his he’ll lend you, Which every day to heaven will send you, To take acquaintance of the sphere, And all the smooth-fac’d kindred there. ; ;And though Herbert’s name do owe ; ;These devotions, fairest, know ; ;That while I lay them on the shrine ; ;Of your white hand, they are mine.When by thy scorn, O murd'ress, I am dead ; ;And that thou think'st thee free From all solicitation from me, Then shall my ghost come to thy bed, And thee, feign'd vestal, in worse arms shall see; Then thy sick taper will begin to wink, And he, whose thou art then, being tir'd before, Will, if thou stir, or pinch to wake him, think ; ;Thou call'st for more, And in false sleep will from thee shrink; And then, poor aspen wretch, neglected thou Bath'd in a cold quicksilver sweat wilt lie ; ;A verier ghost than I. What I will say, I will not tell thee now, Lest that preserve thee; and since my love is spent, I'had rather thou shouldst painfully repent, Than by my threat'nings rest still innocent.Since there’s no help, come let us kiss and part. Nay, I have done, you get no more of me; And I am glad, yea glad with all my heart, That thus so cleanly I myself can free. Shake hands for ever, cancel all our vows, And when we meet at any time again, Be it not seen in either of our brows That we one jot of former love retain. Now at the last gasp of Love’s latest breath, When, his pulse failing, Passion speechless lies; When Faith is kneeling by his bed of death, And Innocence is closing up his eyes— Now, if thou wouldst, when all have given him over, From death to life thou might’st him yet recover!Others taunt me with having knelt at well-curbs Always wrong to the light, so never seeing Deeper down in the well than where the water Gives me back in a shining surface picture Me myself in the summer heaven godlike Looking out of a wreath of fern and cloud puffs.Once, when trying with chin against a well-curb, I discerned, as I thought, beyond the picture, Through the picture, a something white, uncertain, Something more of the depths—and then I lost it. Water came to rebuke the too clear water. One drop fell from a fern, and lo, a ripple Shook whatever it was lay there at bottom, Blurred it, blotted it out. What was that whiteness? Truth? A pebble of quartz? For once, then, something.Though that men do call it dotage,
Who loveth not wanteth courage;
And whosoever may love get,
From Venus sure he must it fet
Or else from her which is her heir,
And she to him must seem most fair.
With eye and mind doth both agree.
There is no boot: there must it be.
The eye doth look and represent,
But mind afformeth with full consent.
Thus am I fixed without grudge:
Mine eye with heart doth me so judge.
Love maintaineth all noble courage.
Who love disdaineth is all of the village:
Such lovers—though they take pain—
It were pity they should obtain,
For often times where they do sue
They hinder lovers that would be true.
For whoso loveth should love but once.
Change whoso will, I will be none.A broken ALTAR, Lord, thy servant rears,
Made of a heart and cemented with tears; ; Whose parts are as thy hand did frame; ; No workman's tool hath touch'd the same. ; ;  A HEART alone ; ;  Is such a stone, ; ;  As nothing but ; ;  Thy pow'r doth cut. ; ;  Wherefore each part ; ;  Of my hard heart ; ;  Meets in this frame ; ;  To praise thy name. ; That if I chance to hold my peace, ; These stones to praise thee may not cease.
Oh, let thy blessed SACRIFICE be mine,
And sanctify this ALTAR to be thine.If all the trees in all the woods were men; And each and every blade of grass a pen; If every leaf on every shrub and tree Turned to a sheet of foolscap; every sea Were changed to ink, and all earth's living tribes Had nothing else to do but act as scribes, And for ten thousand ages, day and night, The human race should write, and write, and write, Till all the pens and paper were used up, And the huge inkstand was an empty cup, Still would the scribblers clustered round its brink Call for more pens, more paper, and more ink.As kingfishers catch fire, dragonflies draw flame; As tumbled over rim in roundy wells Stones ring; like each tucked string tells, each hung bell's Bow swung finds tongue to fling out broad its name; Each mortal thing does one thing and the same: Deals out that being indoors each one dwells; Selves — goes itself; myself it speaks and spells, Crying Whát I dó is me: for that I came. I say móre: the just man justices; Keeps grace: thát keeps all his goings graces; Acts in God's eye what in God's eye he is — Chríst — for Christ plays in ten thousand places, Lovely in limbs, and lovely in eyes not his To the Father through the features of men's faces.As a dare-gale skylark scanted in a dull cage, ;Man's mounting spirit in his bone-house, mean house, dwells — ;That bird beyond the remembering his free fells; This in drudgery, day-labouring-out life's age. Though aloft on turf or perch or poor low stage ;Both sing sometímes the sweetest, sweetest spells, ;Yet both droop deadly sómetimes in their cells Or wring their barriers in bursts of fear or rage. Not that the sweet-fowl, song-fowl, needs no rest — Why, hear him, hear him babble & drop down to his nest, ;But his own nest, wild nest, no prison. Man's spirit will be flesh-bound, when found at best, But uncumberèd: meadow-down is not distressed ;For a rainbow footing it nor he for his bónes rísen.Towery city and branchy between towers; Cuckoo-echoing, bell-swarmèd, lark charmèd, rook racked, river-rounded; The dapple-eared lily below thee; that country and town did Once encounter in, here coped & poisèd powers; Thou hast a base and brickish skirt there, sours That neighbour-nature thy grey beauty is grounded Best in; graceless growth, thou hast confounded Rural, rural keeping — folk, flocks, and flowers. Yet ah! this air I gather and I release He lived on; these weeds and waters, these walls are what He haunted who of all men most sways my spirits to peace; Of realty the rarest-veinèd unraveller; a not Rivalled insight, be rival Italy or Greece; Who fired France for Mary without spot.The world is charged with the grandeur of God. ;It will flame out, like shining from shook foil; ;It gathers to a greatness, like the ooze of oil Crushed. Why do men then now not reck his rod? Generations have trod, have trod, have trod; ;And all is seared with trade; bleared, smeared with toil; ;And wears man's smudge and shares man's smell: the soil Is bare now, nor can foot feel, being shod. And for all this, nature is never spent; ;There lives the dearest freshness deep down things; And though the last lights off the black West went ;Oh, morning, at the brown brink eastward, springs — Because the Holy Ghost over the bent ;World broods with warm breast and with ah! bright wings.Abou Ben Adhem (may his tribe increase!)
Awoke one night from a deep dream of peace,
And saw, within the moonlight in his room,
Making it rich, and like a lily in bloom,
An angel writing in a book of gold:—
Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem bold,
And to the presence in the room he said,
"What writest thou?"—The vision raised its head,
And with a look made of all sweet accord,
Answered, "The names of those who love the Lord."
"And is mine one?" said Abou. "Nay, not so,"
Replied the angel. Abou spoke more low,
But cheerly still; and said, "I pray thee, then,
Write me as one that loves his fellow men." ; The angel wrote, and vanished. The next night
It came again with a great wakening light,
And showed the names whom love of God had blest,
And lo! Ben Adhem's name led all the rest.A Child of Queen Elizabeth's Chapel    Weep with me, all you that read ; This little story:
And know, for whom a tear you shed ; Death's self is sorry.
'Twas a child, that so did thrive ; In grace and feature,
As heaven and nature seem'd to strive ; Which own'd the creature.
Years he number'd scarce thirteen ; When fates turn'd cruel,
Yet three fill'd zodiacs had he been ; The stage's jewel;
And did act (what now we moan) ; Old men so duly,
As, sooth, the Parcæ thought him one, ; He play'd so truly.
So, by error, to his fate ; They all consented;
But viewing him since (alas, too late) ; They have repented;
And have sought (to give new birth) ; In baths to steep him;
But being so much too good for earth, ; Heaven vows to keep him.Bright star, would I were stedfast as thou art— ; ;Not in lone splendour hung aloft the night And watching, with eternal lids apart, ; ;Like nature's patient, sleepless Eremite, The moving waters at their priestlike task ; ;Of pure ablution round earth's human shores, Or gazing on the new soft-fallen mask ; ;Of snow upon the mountains and the moors— No—yet still stedfast, still unchangeable, ; ;Pillow'd upon my fair love's ripening breast, To feel for ever its soft fall and swell, ; ;Awake for ever in a sweet unrest, Still, still to hear her tender-taken breath, And so live ever—or else swoon to death.Ianthe! you are call’d to cross the sea! ; ;A path forbidden me! Remember, while the Sun his blessing sheds ; ;Upon the mountain-heads, How often we have watcht him laying down ; ;His brow, and dropt our own Against each other’s, and how faint and short ; ;And sliding the support! What will succeed it now? Mine is unblest, ; ;Ianthe! nor will rest But on the very thought that swells with pain. ; ;O bid me hope again! O give me back what Earth, what (without you) ; ;Not Heaven itself can do— One of the golden days that we have past, ; ;And let it be my last! Or else the gift would be, however sweet, ; ;Fragile and incomplete.My love looks like a girl to-night, ;  But she is old. The plaits that lie along her pillow ;  Are not gold, But threaded with filigree silver, ;  And uncanny cold. She looks like a young maiden, since her brow ;  Is smooth and fair, Her cheeks are very smooth, her eyes are closed. ;  She sleeps a rare Still winsome sleep, so still, and so composed. Nay, but she sleeps like a bride, and dreams her dreams ;  Of perfect things. She lies at last, the darling, in the shape of her dream, ;  And her dead mouth sings By its shape, like the thrushes in clear evenings.This spring as it comes bursts up in bonfires green, Wild puffing of emerald trees, and flame-filled bushes, Thorn-blossom lifting in wreaths of smoke between Where the wood fumes up and the watery, flickering rushes. I am amazed at this spring, this conflagration Of green fires lit on the soil of the earth, this blaze Of growing, and sparks that puff in wild gyration, Faces of people streaming across my gaze. And I, what fountain of fire am I among This leaping combustion of spring? My spirit is tossed About like a shadow buffeted in the throng Of flames, a shadow that's gone astray, and is lost.An old man in a lodge within a park; ;  The chamber walls depicted all around ;  With portraitures of huntsman, hawk, and hound, ;  And the hurt deer. He listeneth to the lark, Whose song comes with the sunshine through the dark ;  Of painted glass in leaden lattice bound; ;  He listeneth and he laugheth at the sound, ;  Then writeth in a book like any clerk. He is the poet of the dawn, who wrote ;  The Canterbury Tales, and his old age ;  Made beautiful with song; and as I read I hear the crowing cock, I hear the note ;  Of lark and linnet, and from every page ;  Rise odors of ploughed field or flowery mead.To make a final conquest of all me, Love did compose so sweet an enemy, In whom both beauties to my death agree, Joining themselves in fatal harmony; That while she with her eyes my heart does bind, She with her voice might captivate my mind. I could have fled from one but singly fair, My disentangled soul itself might save, Breaking the curled trammels of her hair. But how should I avoid to be her slave, Whose subtle art invisibly can wreath My fetters of the very air I breathe? It had been easy fighting in some plain, Where victory might hang in equal choice, But all resistance against her is vain, Who has th’advantage both of eyes and voice, And all my forces needs must be undone, She having gained both the wind and sun.Although she feeds me bread of bitterness, And sinks into my throat her tiger’s tooth, Stealing my breath of life, I will confess I love this cultured hell that tests my youth. Her vigor flows like tides into my blood, Giving me strength erect against her hate, Her bigness sweeps my being like a flood. Yet, as a rebel fronts a king in state, I stand within her walls with not a shred Of terror, malice, not a word of jeer. Darkly I gaze into the days ahead, And see her might and granite wonders there, Beneath the touch of Time’s unerring hand, Like priceless treasures sinking in the sand.Oft, in the stilly night,
Ere slumber’s chain has bound me,
Fond memory brings the light
Of other days around me;
The smiles, the tears,
Of boyhood’s years,
The words of love then spoken;
The eyes that shone,
Now dimm’d and gone,
The cheerful hearts now broken!
Thus, in the stilly night,
Ere slumber’s chain hath bound me,
Sad memory brings the light
Of other days around me.
When I remember all
The friends, so link’d together,
I’ve seen around me fall,
Like leaves in wintry weather;
I feel like one
Who treads alone
Some banquet-hall deserted,
Whose lights are fled,
Whose garlands dead,
And all but he departed!
Thus, in the stilly night,
Ere slumber’s chain has bound me,
Sad memory brings the light
Of other days around me.Spring, the sweet spring, is the year’s pleasant king, Then blooms each thing, then maids dance in a ring, Cold doth not sting, the pretty birds do sing: ;  Cuckoo, jug-jug, pu-we, to-witta-woo! The palm and may make country houses gay, Lambs frisk and play, the shepherds pipe all day, And we hear aye birds tune this merry lay: ;  Cuckoo, jug-jug, pu-we, to-witta-woo! The fields breathe sweet, the daisies kiss our feet, Young lovers meet, old wives a-sunning sit, In every street these tunes our ears do greet: ;  Cuckoo, jug-jug, pu-we, to witta-woo! ; ;  Spring, the sweet spring!On her Son H.P. at St. Syth’s Church where her body also lies interred    What on Earth deserves our trust?
Youth and Beauty both are dust.
Long we gathering are with pain,
What one moment calls again.
Seven years childless marriage past,
A Son, a son is born at last:
So exactly lim’d and fair,
Full of good Spirits, Meen, and Air,
As a long life promised,
Yet, in less than six weeks dead.
Too promising, too great a mind
In so small room to be confined:
Therefore, as fit in Heaven to dwell,
He quickly broke the Prison shell.
So the subtle Alchemist,
Can’t with Hermes Seal resist
The powerful spirit’s subtler flight,
But t’will bid him long good night.
And so the Sun if it arise
Half so glorious as his Eyes,
Like this Infant, takes a shrowd,
Buried in a morning Cloud.A barefoot boy! I mark him at his play— For May is here once more, and so is he,— His dusty trousers, rolled half to the knee, And his bare ankles grimy, too, as they: Cross-hatchings of the nettle, in array Of feverish stripes, hint vividly to me Of woody pathways winding endlessly Along the creek, where even yesterday He plunged his shrinking body—gasped and shook— Yet called the water "warm," with never lack Of joy. And so, half enviously I look Upon this graceless barefoot and his track,— His toe stubbed—ay, his big toe-nail knocked back Like unto the clasp of an old pocketbook.You better not fool with a Bumblebee!—
Ef you don't think they can sting—you'll see!
They're lazy to look at, an' kind o' go
Buzzin' an' bummin' aroun' so slow,
An' ac' so slouchy an' all fagged out,
Danglin' their legs as they drone about
The hollyhawks 'at they can't climb in
'Ithout ist a-tumble-un out ag'in!
Wunst I watched one climb clean 'way
In a jimson-blossom, I did, one day,—
An' I ist grabbed it — an' nen let go—
An' "Ooh-ooh! Honey! I told ye so!"
Says The Raggedy Man; an' he ist run
An' pullt out the stinger, an' don't laugh none,
An' says: "They has be'n folks, I guess,
'At thought I wuz predjudust, more er less,—
Yit I still muntain 'at a Bumblebee
Wears out his welcome too quick fer me!"Where sunless rivers weep
Their waves into the deep,
She sleeps a charmed sleep: ; Awake her not.
Led by a single star,
She came from very far
To seek where shadows are ; Her pleasant lot.
She left the rosy morn,
She left the fields of corn,
For twilight cold and lorn ; And water springs.
Through sleep, as through a veil,
She sees the sky look pale,
And hears the nightingale ; That sadly sings.
Rest, rest, a perfect rest
Shed over brow and breast;
Her face is toward the west, ; The purple land.
She cannot see the grain
Ripening on hill and plain;
She cannot feel the rain ; Upon her hand.
Rest, rest, for evermore
Upon a mossy shore;
Rest, rest at the heart's core ; Till time shall cease:
Sleep that no pain shall wake;
Night that no morn shall break
Till joy shall overtake ; Her perfect peace.Know'st thou not at the fall of the leaf
How the heart feels a languid grief ; Laid on it for a covering, ; And how sleep seems a goodly thing
In Autumn at the fall of the leaf?
And how the swift beat of the brain
Falters because it is in vain, ; In Autumn at the fall of the leaf ; Knowest thou not? and how the chief
Of joys seems—not to suffer pain?
Know'st thou not at the fall of the leaf
How the soul feels like a dried sheaf ; Bound up at length for harvesting, ; And how death seems a comely thing
In Autumn at the fall of the leaf?Pile the bodies high at Austerlitz and Waterloo. Shovel them under and let me work— ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   I am the grass; I cover all. And pile them high at Gettysburg And pile them high at Ypres and Verdun. Shovel them under and let me work. Two years, ten years, and passengers ask the conductor: ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   What place is this? ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   Where are we now? ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   I am the grass. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   Let me work.Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day? Thou art more lovely and more temperate: Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May, And summer’s lease hath all too short a date; Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines, And often is his gold complexion dimm'd; And every fair from fair sometime declines, By chance or nature’s changing course untrimm'd; But thy eternal summer shall not fade, Nor lose possession of that fair thou ow’st; Nor shall death brag thou wander’st in his shade, When in eternal lines to time thou grow’st:    So long as men can breathe or eyes can see,    So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.An old, mad, blind, despised, and dying King; Princes, the dregs of their dull race, who flow Through public scorn,—mud from a muddy spring; Rulers who neither see nor feel nor know, But leechlike to their fainting country cling Till they drop, blind in blood, without a blow. A people starved and stabbed in th' untilled field; An army, whom liberticide and prey Makes as a two-edged sword to all who wield; Golden and sanguine laws which tempt and slay; Religion Christless, Godless—a book sealed; A senate, Time’s worst statute, unrepealed— Are graves from which a glorious Phantom may Burst, to illumine our tempestuous day.Loving in truth, and fain in verse my love to show, That she, dear she, might take some pleasure of my pain,— Pleasure might cause her read, reading might make her know, Knowledge might pity win, and pity grace obtain,— I sought fit words to paint the blackest face of woe; Studying inventions fine her wits to entertain, Oft turning others' leaves, to see if thence would flow Some fresh and fruitful showers upon my sunburn'd brain. But words came halting forth, wanting invention's stay; Invention, Nature's child, fled step-dame Study's blows; And others' feet still seem'd but strangers in my way. Thus great with child to speak and helpless in my throes, Biting my truant pen, beating myself for spite, "Fool," said my Muse to me, "look in thy heart, and write."You that do search for every purling spring Which from the ribs of old Parnassus flows, And every flower, not sweet perhaps, which grows Near thereabouts, into your poesy wring; Ye that do dictionary's method bring Into your rimes, running in rattling rows; You that poor Petrarch's long-deceased woes With new-born sighs and denizen'd wit do sing: You take wrong ways; those far-fet helps be such As do bewray a want of inward touch, And sure, at length stol'n goods do come to light. But if, both for your love and skill, your name You seek to nurse at fullest breasts of Fame, Stella behold, and then begin to endite.One day I wrote her name upon the strand,
But came the waves and washed it away:
Again I wrote it with a second hand,
But came the tide, and made my pains his prey.
"Vain man," said she, "that dost in vain assay,
A mortal thing so to immortalize;
For I myself shall like to this decay,
And eke my name be wiped out likewise."
"Not so," (quod I) "let baser things devise
To die in dust, but you shall live by fame:
My verse your vertues rare shall eternize,
And in the heavens write your glorious name:
Where whenas death shall all the world subdue,
Our love shall live, and later life renew."Men call you fair, and you do credit it,
For that your self ye daily such do see:
But the true fair, that is the gentle wit,
And vertuous mind, is much more prais'd of me.
For all the rest, how ever fair it be,
Shall turn to naught and lose that glorious hue:
But only that is permanent and free
From frail corruption, that doth flesh ensue.
That is true beauty: that doth argue you
To be divine, and born of heavenly seed:
Deriv'd from that fair Spirit, from whom all true
And perfect beauty did at first proceed.
He only fair, and what he fair hath made,
All other fair, like flowers untimely fade.One must have a mind of winter To regard the frost and the boughs Of the pine-trees crusted with snow; And have been cold a long time To behold the junipers shagged with ice, The spruces rough in the distant glitter Of the January sun; and not to think Of any misery in the sound of the wind, In the sound of a few leaves, Which is the sound of the land Full of the same wind That is blowing in the same bare place For the listener, who listens in the snow, And, nothing himself, beholds Nothing that is not there and the nothing that is.Live blindly and upon the hour. The Lord, Who was the Future, died full long ago. Knowledge which is the Past is folly. Go, Poor child, and be not to thyself abhorred. Around thine earth sun-wingèd winds do blow And planets roll; a meteor draws his sword; The rainbow breaks his seven-coloured chord And the long strips of river-silver flow: Awake! Give thyself to the lovely hours. Drinking their lips, catch thou the dream in flight About their fragile hairs’ aërial gold. Thou art divine, thou livest,—as of old Apollo springing naked to the light, And all his island shivered into flowers.I prithee spare me gentle boy,
Press me no more for that slight toy,
That foolish trifle of an heart;
I swear it will not do its part,
Though thou dost thine, employ’st thy pow’r and art.
For through long custom it has known
The little secrets, and is grown
Sullen and wise, will have its will,
And like old hawks pursues that still
That makes least sport, flies only where’t can kill.
Some youth that has not made his story,
Will think perchance the pain’s the glory,
And mannerly sit out love’s feast;
I shall be carving of the best,
Rudely call for the last course ’fore the rest.
And oh when once that course is past,
How short a time the feast doth last;
Men rise away and scarce say grace,
Or civilly once thank the face
That did invite, but seek another place.Out upon it, I have lov’d    Three whole days together;
And am like to love three more,    If it prove fair weather.
Time shall moult away his wings,    Ere he shall discover
In the whole wide world again    Such a constant lover.
But the spite on’t is, no praise    Is due at all to me;
Love with me had made no stays,    Had it any been but she.
Had it any been but she,    And that very face,
There had been at least ere this    A dozen dozen in her place.Now hardly here and there a hackney-coach Appearing, show'd the ruddy morn's approach. Now Betty from her master's bed had flown, And softly stole to discompose her own. The slip-shod 'prentice from his master's door Had par'd the dirt, and sprinkled round the floor. Now Moll had whirl'd her mop with dext'rous airs, Prepar'd to scrub the entry and the stairs. The youth with broomy stumps began to trace The kennel-edge, where wheels had worn the place. The small-coal man was heard with cadence deep; Till drown'd in shriller notes of "chimney-sweep." Duns at his lordship's gate began to meet; And brickdust Moll had scream'd through half a street. The turnkey now his flock returning sees, Duly let out a-nights to steal for fees. The watchful bailiffs take their silent stands; And schoolboys lag with satchels in their hands.WELL, what's the matter ? there's a face    What ! has it cut a vein ?
And is it quite a shocking place ?    Come, let us look again.
I see it bleeds, but never mind    That tiny little drop ;
I don't believe you'll ever find    That crying makes it stop.
'Tis sad indeed to cry at pain,    For any but a baby ;
If that should chance to cut a vein,    We should not wonder, may be.
But such a man as you should try    To bear a little sorrow :
So run along, and wipe your eye,    'Twill all be well to-morrow.Break, break, break, ; ;On thy cold gray stones, O Sea! And I would that my tongue could utter ; ;The thoughts that arise in me. O, well for the fisherman's boy, ; ;That he shouts with his sister at play! O, well for the sailor lad, ; ;That he sings in his boat on the bay! And the stately ships go on ; ;To their haven under the hill; But O for the touch of a vanish'd hand, ; ;And the sound of a voice that is still! Break, break, break ; ;At the foot of thy crags, O Sea! But the tender grace of a day that is dead ; ;Will never come back to me.Where Claribel low-lieth    The breezes pause and die,    Letting the rose-leaves fall:
But the solemn oak-tree sigheth,    Thick-leaved, ambrosial,    With an ancient melody    Of an inward agony,
Where Claribel low-lieth.
At eve the beetle boometh    Athwart the thicket lone:
At noon the wild bee hummeth    About the moss'd headstone:
At midnight the moon cometh,    And looketh down alone.
Her song the lintwhite swelleth,
The clear-voiced mavis dwelleth,    The callow throstle lispeth,
The slumbrous wave outwelleth,    The babbling runnel crispeth,
The hollow grot replieth    Where Claribel low-lieth.Sunset and evening star, ;  And one clear call for me! And may there be no moaning of the bar, ;  When I put out to sea,    But such a tide as moving seems asleep, ;  Too full for sound and foam, When that which drew from out the boundless deep ;  Turns again home.    Twilight and evening bell, ;  And after that the dark! And may there be no sadness of farewell, ;  When I embark;    For tho' from out our bourne of Time and Place ;  The flood may bear me far, I hope to see my Pilot face to face ;  When I have crost the bar.BODY ; Farewell! I go to sleep; but when ;The day-star springs, I’ll wake again.
SOUL ; Go, sleep in peace; and when thou liest
Unnumber’d in thy dust, when all this frame
Is but one dram, and what thou now descriest ;In sev’ral parts shall want a name,
Then may his peace be with thee, and each dust
Writ in his book, who ne’er betray’d man’s trust!
BODY ; Amen! but hark, ere we two stray ;How many hours dost think ’till day?
SOUL ; Ah go; th’art weak, and sleepy. Heav’n
Is a plain watch, and without figures winds
All ages up; who drew this circle, even ;He fills it; days and hours are blinds.
Yet this take with thee. The last gasp of time
Is thy first breath, and man’s eternal prime.When we for age could neither read nor write,
The subject made us able to indite.
The soul, with nobler resolutions deckt,
The body stooping, does herself erect:
No mortal parts are requisite to raise
Her, that unbodied can her Maker praise.
The seas are quiet, when the winds give o’er,
So calm are we, when passions are no more:
For then we know how vain it was to boast
Of fleeting things, so certain to be lost.
Clouds of affection from our younger eyes
Conceal that emptiness, which age descries.
The soul’s dark cottage, batter’d and decay’d,
Lets in new light through chinks that time has made;
Stronger by weakness, wiser men become
As they draw near to their eternal home:
Leaving the old, both worlds at once they view,
That stand upon the threshold of the new.It is not that I love you less
Than when before your feet I lay,
But to prevent the sad increase
Of hopeless love, I keep away.
In vain (alas!) for everything
Which I have known belong to you,
Your form does to my fancy bring,
And makes my old wounds bleed anew.
Who in the spring from the new sun
Already has a fever got,
Too late begins those shafts to shun,
Which Phœbus through his veins has shot.
Too late he would the pain assuage,
And to thick shadows does retire;
About with him he bears the rage,
And in his tainted blood the fire.
But vow’d I have, and never must
Your banish’d servant trouble you;
For if I break, you may distrust
The vow I made to love you, too.Go, lovely rose! Tell her that wastes her time and me, That now she knows, When I resemble her to thee, How sweet and fair she seems to be. Tell her that’s young, And shuns to have her graces spied, That hadst thou sprung In deserts, where no men abide, Thou must have uncommended died. Small is the worth Of beauty from the light retired; Bid her come forth, Suffer herself to be desired, And not blush so to be admired. Then die! that she The common fate of all things rare May read in thee; How small a part of time they share That are so wondrous sweet and fair!Christ, whose glory fills the skies,    Christ, the true, the only light,
Sun of Righteousness, arise,    Triumph o’er the shades of night:
Day-spring from on high, be near:
Day-star, in my heart appear.
Dark and cheerless is the morn    Unaccompanied by thee,
Joyless is the day’s return,    Till thy mercy’s beams I see;
Till thy inward light impart,
Glad my eyes, and warm my heart.
Visit then this soul of mine,    Pierce the gloom of sin, and grief,
Fill me, Radiancy Divine,    Scatter all my unbelief,
More and more thyself display,
Shining to the perfect day.The crowd at the ball game is moved uniformly by a spirit of uselessness which delights them— all the exciting detail of the chase and the escape, the error the flash of genius— all to no end save beauty the eternal— So in detail they, the crowd, are beautiful for this to be warned against saluted and defied— It is alive, venomous it smiles grimly its words cut— The flashy female with her mother, gets it— The Jew gets it straight— it is deadly, terrifying— It is the Inquisition, the Revolution It is beauty itself that lives day by day in them idly— This is the power of their faces It is summer, it is the solstice the crowd is cheering, the crowd is laughing in detail permanently, seriously without thoughtI cannot change, as others do, ; Though you unjustly scorn;    Since that poor swain, that sighs for you ; For you alone was born.    No, Phyllis, no, your heart to move ; A surer way I’ll try:    And to revenge my slighted love,
Will still love on, will still love on, and die. ; When, kill’d with grief, Amyntas lies; ; And you to mind shall call    The sighs that now unpitied rise; ; The tears that vainly fall:    That welcome hour that ends this smart, ; Will then begin your pain;    For such a faithful, tender heart
Can never break, can never break in vain.Earth has not any thing to show more fair: Dull would he be of soul who could pass by A sight so touching in its majesty: This City now doth, like a garment, wear The beauty of the morning; silent, bare, Ships, towers, domes, theatres, and temples lie Open unto the fields, and to the sky; All bright and glittering in the smokeless air. Never did sun more beautifully steep In his first splendour, valley, rock, or hill; Ne'er saw I, never felt, a calm so deep! The river glideth at his own sweet will: Dear God! the very houses seem asleep; And all that mighty heart is lying still!The heart and service to you proffer'd
With right good will full honestly,
Refuse it not, since it is offer'd,
But take it to you gentlely.
And though it be a small present,
Yet good, consider graciously
The thought, the mind, and the intent
Of him that loves you faithfully.
It were a thing of small effect
To work my woe thus cruelly,
For my good will to be abject:
Therefore accept it lovingly.
Pain or travel, to run or ride,
I undertake it pleasantly;
Bid ye me go, and straight I glide
At your commandement humbly.
Pain or pleasure, now may you plant
Even which it please you steadfastly;
Do which you list, I shall not want
To be your servant secretly.
And since so much I do desire
To be your own assuredly,
For all my service and my hire
Reward your servant liberally.And wilt thou leave me thus?Say nay, say nay, for shame,To save thee from the blameOf all my grief and grame;And wilt thou leave me thus?Say nay, say nay!And wilt thou leave me thus,That hath loved thee so longIn wealth and woe among?And is thy heart so strongAs for to leave me thus?Say nay, say nay!And wilt thou leave me thus,That hath given thee my heartNever for to depart,Nother for pain nor smart;And wilt thou leave me thus?Say nay, say nay!And wilt thou leave me thusAnd have no more pityOf him that loveth thee?Hélas, thy cruelty!And wilt thou leave me thus?Say nay, say nay!Where the mind is without fear and the head is held high;    Where knowledge is free;    Where the world has not been broken up into fragments by narrow domestic walls;    Where words come out from the depth of truth;    Where tireless striving stretches its arms towards perfection;    Where the clear stream of reason has not lost its way into the dreary desert sand of dead habit;    Where the mind is led forward by thee into ever-widening thought and action    Into that heaven of freedom, my Father, let my country awake.I heard a Fly buzz - when I died - The Stillness in the Room Was like the Stillness in the Air - Between the Heaves of Storm - The Eyes around - had wrung them dry - And Breaths were gathering firm For that last Onset - when the King Be witnessed - in the Room - I willed my Keepsakes - Signed away What portion of me be Assignable - and then it was There interposed a Fly - With Blue - uncertain - stumbling Buzz - Between the light - and me - And then the Windows failed - and then I could not see to see -I felt a Funeral, in my Brain, And Mourners to and fro Kept treading - treading - till it seemed That Sense was breaking through - And when they all were seated, A Service, like a Drum - Kept beating - beating - till I thought My mind was going numb - And then I heard them lift a Box And creak across my Soul With those same Boots of Lead, again, Then Space - began to toll, As all the Heavens were a Bell, And Being, but an Ear, And I, and Silence, some strange Race, Wrecked, solitary, here - And then a Plank in Reason, broke, And I dropped down, and down - And hit a World, at every plunge, And Finished knowing - then -Rigid Body (sings).    Gin a body meet a body    Flyin’ through the air,
Gin a body hit a body,    Will it fly? and where?
Ilka impact has its measure,    Ne’er a ane hae I,
Yet a’ the lads they measure me,    Or, at least, they try.
Gin a body meet a body    Altogether free,
How they travel afterwards    We do not always see.
Ilka problem has its method    By analytics high;
For me, I ken na ane o’ them,    But what the waur am I?If the red slayer think he slays,    Or if the slain think he is slain,
They know not well the subtle ways    I keep, and pass, and turn again.
Far or forgot to me is near;    Shadow and sunlight are the same;
The vanished gods to me appear;    And one to me are shame and fame.
They reckon ill who leave me out;    When me they fly, I am the wings;
I am the doubter and the doubt,    I am the hymn the Brahmin sings.
The strong gods pine for my abode,    And pine in vain the sacred Seven;
But thou, meek lover of the good!    Find me, and turn thy back on heaven.Skimming lightly, wheeling still, ;  The swallows fly low Over the field in clouded days, ;  The forest-field of Shiloh— Over the field where April rain Solaced the parched ones stretched in pain Through the pause of night That followed the Sunday fight ;  Around the church of Shiloh— The church so lone, the log-built one, That echoed to many a parting groan ; ;   And natural prayer ;  Of dying foemen mingled there— Foemen at morn, but friends at eve— ;  Fame or country least their care: (What like a bullet can undeceive!) ;  But now they lie low, While over them the swallows skim, ;  And all is hushed at Shiloh.About the Shark, phlegmatical one, Pale sot of the Maldive sea, The sleek little pilot-fish, azure and slim, How alert in attendance be. From his saw-pit of mouth, from his charnel of maw They have nothing of harm to dread, But liquidly glide on his ghastly flank Or before his Gorgonian head; Or lurk in the port of serrated teeth In white triple tiers of glittering gates, And there find a haven when peril’s abroad, An asylum in jaws of the Fates! They are friends; and friendly they guide him to prey, Yet never partake of the treat— Eyes and brains to the dotard lethargic and dull, Pale ravener of horrible meat.Together in this grave lie Benjamin Pantier, attorney at law, And Nig, his dog, constant companion, solace and friend. Down the gray road, friends, children, men and women, Passing one by one out of life, left me till I was alone With Nig for partner, bed-fellow, comrade in drink. In the morning of life I knew aspiration and saw glory. Then she, who survives me, snared my soul With a snare which bled me to death, Till I, once strong of will, lay broken, indifferent, Living with Nig in a room back of a dingy office. Under my jaw-bone is snuggled the bony nose of Nig — Our story is lost in silence. Go by, mad world!Take note, passers-by, of the sharp erosions Eaten in my head-stone by the wind and rain i Almost as if an intangible Nemesis or hatred Were marking scores against me, But to destroy, and not preserve, my memory. I in life was the Circuit Judge, a maker of notches, Deciding cases on the points the lawyers scored, Not on the right of the matter. O wind and rain, leave my head-stone alone! For worse than the anger of the wronged, The curses of the poor, Was to lie speechless, yet with vision clear, Seeing that even Hod Putt, the murderer, Hanged by my sentence, Was innocent in soul compared with me.Love not too much. But how,
When thou hast made me such,
And dost thy gifts bestow,
How can I love too much?    Though I must fear to lose,
And drown my joy in care,
With all its thorns I choose
The path of love and prayer.    Though thou, I know not why,
Didst kill my childish trust,
That breach with toil did I
Repair, because I must:    And spite of frighting schemes,
With which the fiends of Hell
Blaspheme thee in my dreams,
So far I have hoped well.    But what the heavenly key,
What marvel in me wrought
Shall quite exculpate thee,
I have no shadow of thought.    What am I that complain?
The love, from which began
My question sad and vain,
Justifies thee to man.Sonnet VII    I would I might forget that I am I,
And break the heavy chain that binds me fast,
Whose links about myself my deeds have cast.
What in the body’s tomb doth buried lie
Is boundless; ’tis the spirit of the sky,
Lord of the future, guardian of the past,
And soon must forth, to know his own at last.
In his large life to live, I fain would die.
Happy the dumb beast, hungering for food,
But calling not his suffering his own;
Blessèd the angel, gazing on all good,
But knowing not he sits upon a throne;
Wretched the mortal, pondering his mood,
And doomed to know his aching heart alone.Life has loveliness to sell, ; All beautiful and splendid things, Blue waves whitened on a cliff, ; Soaring fire that sways and sings, And children's faces looking up Holding wonder like a cup. Life has loveliness to sell, ; Music like a curve of gold, Scent of pine trees in the rain, ; Eyes that love you, arms that hold, And for your spirit's still delight, Holy thoughts that star the night. Spend all you have for loveliness, ; Buy it and never count the cost; For one white singing hour of peace ; Count many a year of strife well lost, And for a breath of ecstasy Give all you have been, or could be.The rain’s cold grains are silver-gray Sharp as golden sands, A bell is clanging, people sway Hanging by their hands. Supple hands, or gnarled and stiff, Snatch and catch and grope; That face is yellow-pale, as if The fellow swung from rope. Dull like pebbles, sharp like knives, Glances strike and glare, Fingers tangle, Bluebeard’s wives Dangle by the hair. Orchard of the strangest fruits Hanging from the skies; Brothers, yet insensate brutes Who fear each others’ eyes. One man stands as free men stand As if his soul might be Brave, unbroken; see his hand Nailed to an oaken tree.Too high, too high to pluck My heart shall swing. A fruit no bee shall suck, No wasp shall sting. If on some night of cold It falls to ground In apple-leaves of gold I’ll wrap it round. And I shall seal it up With spice and salt, In a carven silver cup, In a deep vault. Before my eyes are blind And my lips mute, I must eat core and rind Of that same fruit. Before my heart is dust At the end of all, Eat it I must, I must Were it bitter gall. But I shall keep it sweet By some strange art; Wild honey I shall eat When I eat my heart. O honey cool and chaste As clover’s breath! Sweet Heaven I shall taste Before my death.Sir, I am not a bird of prey: a Lady does not seize the day. I trust that brief Time will unfold our youth, before he makes us old. How could we two write lines of rhyme were we not fond of numbered Time and grateful to the vast and sweet trials his days will make us meet? The Grave's not just the body's curse; no skeleton can pen a verse! So while this numbered World we see, let's sweeten Time with poetry, and Time, in turn, may sweeten Love and give us time our love to prove. You've praised my eyes, forehead, breast: you've all our lives to praise the rest.You that are dear, O you above the rest! Forgive him his evasive moods and cold; The absence that belied him oft of old, The war upon sad speech, the desperate jest, And pity’s wildest gush but half-confessed, Forgive him! Let your gentle memories hold Some written word once tender and once bold, Or service done shamefacedly at best, Whereby to judge him. All his days he spent, Like one who with an angel wrestled well, O’ermastering Love with show of light disdain; And whatso’er your spirits underwent, He, wounded for you, worked no miracle To make his heart’s allegiance wholly plain.(January 7, 1915)    In the dregs of the year, all steam and rain, In the timid time of the heart again, When indecision is bold and thorough, And action dreams of a dawn in vain, I saw high up over Bloxham vale The ploughshare tilt to the next long trail, And, spying a larder in every furrow, The wagtails crowd like a dancing hail! A second wonder there on the hill: Beneath the hedge, I saw with a thrill The budding primroses laugh good-morrow From a deep cradle rocked by a rill! Wagtail smart in his belted blue, Primrose paying her gold ere due,— (Out upon Winter! Down with Sorrow!) These are the things that I know are true.I: THE MOTOR: 1905 From hedgerows where aromas fain would be ;New volleyed odours execrably arise; ;The flocks, with hell-smoke in their patient eyes, Into the ditch from bawling ruin flee: Spindrift of one abominated sea ;Along all roads in wrecking fury flies ;Till on young strangled leaf, on bloom that dies, In this far plot it writes a rune for me. Vast intimate tyranny! Nature dispossessed ;Helplessly hates thee, whose symbolic flare Lights up (with what reiterance unblest!) ;Entrails of horror in a world thought fair. False God of pastime thou, vampire of rest, ;Augur of what pollution, what despair?We won’t pretend we’re not hungry for distinction but what can ever distinguish us enough? This country, this language won’t last long, the race will die, later the cockroach, earth itself, and last this beer bottle: silicon fused by man, almost indestructible, like a soul: it will go spinning ever farther from the nearest thing until space, continually deepening, drowns in itself. Yet we keep a hungry eye on old schoolmates and everyone born in the year of our own birth, and spend the nights in ranting over them, their money, fashionable companions, pliant critics. To live just a little longer than they do: that would be triumph. Hence exercise and diets, and the squabble over who will write the history of this paradise of demons casting each other out.Her hair back from the wide round face flows, almost a girl’s, so thick, caught back in combs, racing and curling through them with blackest vigor, although it is pure white. Cracked face, dusk-colored: not red but with a deep red struggling under the coming night. The eyes shift quickly, the subway train jerks and rattles, green vinyl, light flickering, silver poles. Eyes driven from ancient calm, which may fear but is never frantic and says nothing, such as looks out from the old Indian portraits—calm is the one thing missing from the beauty of her face in the black window. Those unresting eyes there talk plainly: there’s no money at home, men young and old go wrong, life almost at its end is still day by day harried and perplexed.If they, more petite    than the mice whose flittings ;  have pillaged their robes’ sparkled trim, stood tiptoe    on the plumped felt tops ;  of their thimble-sized footstools to scrutinize    the worn fabric ;  of this room’s blue distances, would they locate    the source of lightning bolts ;  in our faces’ wrinkled pleats and construe the stars’    dance from the tattered ;  embroidery of our steps, or find in our seamless    unravelling years ;  the tissue of apocalypse?If I close my eyes now, I can still see them canopied by the visor of my sunhat: three children islanded on a narrow rim of earth between the huge crack-willow that they squat before, hushed, poised to net a frog, and the pond the frog will jump to (it got away) a glass its dive will shatter. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; The unbroken image pleases my mind’s eye with its density, such thick crisscross of tree-trunk, earth, and tall grass I see no breach, no source for the light that steeps it but a blue burning in the pond’s green glass. The grass withered, the tree blew down, earth caught the frog, the children grew. Sky’s ice-blue flame teased along the wick it would consume.; ;PRECEPT I. In Things of moment, on thy self depend, Nor trust too far thy Servant or thy Friend: With private Views, thy Friend may promise fair, And Servants very seldom prove sincere. ;   PRECEPT II. What can be done, with Care perform to Day, Dangers unthought-of will attend Delay; Your distant Prospects all precarious are, And Fortune is as fickle as she’s fair. ;   PRECEPT III. Nor trivial Loss, nor trivial Gain despise; Molehills, if often heap’d, to Mountains rise: Weigh every small Expence, and nothing waste, Farthings long sav’d, amount to Pounds at last.If but some vengeful god would call to me From up the sky, and laugh: “Thou suffering thing, Know that thy sorrow is my ecstasy, That thy love's loss is my hate's profiting!”  Then would I bear it, clench myself, and die, Steeled by the sense of ire unmerited; Half-eased in that a Powerfuller than I Had willed and meted me the tears I shed. But not so.   How arrives it joy lies slain, And why unblooms the best hope ever sown? —Crass Casualty obstructs the sun and rain, And dicing Time for gladness casts a moan. . . . These purblind Doomsters had as readily strown Blisses about my pilgrimage as pain.It’s in the perilous boughs of the tree    out of blue sky    the wind    sings loudest surrounding me. And solitude,   a wild solitude ’s reveald,   fearfully,   high ;I’d climb    into the shaking uncertainties, part out of longing,   part ;daring my self, part to see that widening of the world,   part to find my own, my secret hiding sense and place, where from afar    all voices and scenes come back —the barking of a dog,   autumnal burnings, far calls,   close calls—   the boy I was calls out to me here the man where I am   “Look! I’ve been where you most fear to be.”Be music, night, That her sleep may go Where angels have their pale tall choirs Be a hand, sea, That her dreams may watch Thy guidesman touching the green flesh of the world Be a voice, sky, That her beauties may be counted    And the stars will tilt their quiet faces    Into the mirror of her loveliness Be a road, earth, That her walking may take thee Where the towns of heaven lift their breathing spires O be a world and a throne, God, That her living may find its weather And the souls of ancient bells in a child's book    Shall lead her into Thy wondrous houseYou know our office on the 18th    floor of the Salmon Tower looks ; ;right out on the Empire State and it just happened    we were there finishing up some ; ;late invoices on a new book that Saturday morning    when a bomber roared through the ; ;mist and crashed flames poured from the windows    into the drifting clouds and sirens ; ;screamed down in the streets below it was unearthly    but you know the strangest thing ; ;we realized that none of us were much surprised be- cause we'd always known that those ; ;two paragons of progress sooner or later would per- form before our eyes this demon- ;  stration of their ;  true relationship.They don’t wade in so much as they are taken. Deep in the day, in the deep of the field, every current in the grasses whispers hurryhurry, every yellow spreads its perfume like a rumor, impelling them further on. It is the way of girls. It is the sway of their dresses in the summer trance- light, their bare calves already far-gone in green. What songs will they follow? Whatever the wood warbles, whatever storm or harm the border promises, whatever calm. Let them go. Let them go traceless through the high grass and into the willow- blur, traceless across the lean blue glint of the river, to the long dark bodies of the conifers, and over the welcoming threshold of nightfall.Driving west through sandstone’s red arenas, a rodeo of slow erosion cleaves these plains, these ravaged cliffs. This is cowboy country. Desolate. Dull. Except on weekends, when cafés bloom like cactus after drought. My rented Mustang bucks the wind—I’m strapped up, wide-eyed, busting speed with both heels, a sure grip on the wheel. Black clouds maneuver in the distance, but I don’t care. Mileage is my obsession. I’m always racing off, passing through, as though the present were a dying town I’d rather flee. What matters is the future, its glittering Hotel. Clouds loom closer, big as Brahmas in the heavy air. The radio crackles like a shattered rib. I’m in the chute. I check the gas and set my jaw. I’m almost there.Two wind chimes, one brass and prone to anger, one with the throat of an angel, swing from my porch eave, sing with the storm. Last year I lived five months under that shrill choir, boxing your house, crowding books into crates, from some pages your own voice crying. Some days the chimes raged. Some days they hung still. They fretted when I dug up the lily I gave you in April, blooming, strangely, in fall. Together, they scolded me when I counted pennies you left in each can, cup, and drawer, when I rechecked the closets for remnants of you. The last day, the house empty, resonant with space, the two chimes had nothing to toll for. I walked out, took them down, carried our mute spirits home.Today my son realized someone’s smarter
than him. Not me or his mom —
he still thinks we know everything —
one of the other kids, Nathan. Making fun
of him at the computer terminal
for screwing up at the math game.
Other kids laughing at him. Second grade.
I’m never gonna be as smart as him,
he says. ;   I’m never gonna be as smart
as half my students if we’re talking
IQs. He doesn’t want me to explain.
He wants me to acknowledge
that he’s dumb. He’s lying in bed
and taking his glasses off and on,
trying to get them perfectly clean
for the morning. I’m looking around
his dark room for a joke or some
decent words to lay on him. His eyes
are glassy with almost-tears. Second grade.
The world wants to call on him.
I take his hand in mine.The large man in the Budweiser tee with serpents twining on his arms has leukemia. It doesn’t seem right but they’ve told him he won’t die for years if he sticks with the treatment. He’s talking about his years in the foundry, running a crane on an overhead track in the mill. Eight hours a day moving ingots into rollers. Sometimes without a break because of the bother of getting down. Never had an accident. Never hurt anyone. He had that much control. His problem is that electricity arced through his body and accumulated. When he got down at the end of a shift he could squeeze a forty-watt light bulb between thumb and finger and make it flare. All the guys came around to see that.The boys who fled my father's house in fear Of what his wrath would cost them if he found Them nibbling slowly at his daughter's ear, Would vanish out the back without a sound, And glide just like the shadow of a crow, To wait beside the elm tree in the snow. Something quite deadly rumbled in his voice. He sniffed the air as if he knew the scent Of teenage boys, and asked, "What was that noise?" Then I'd pretend to not know what he meant, Stand mutely by, my heart immense with dread, As Father set the traps and went to bed.What needs my Shakespeare for his honoured bones,The labor of an age in pilèd stones,Or that his hallowed relics should be hid   Under a star-ypointing pyramid? Dear son of Memory, great heir of fame, What need’st thou such weak witness of thy name?Thou in our wonder and astonishment Hast built thyself a live-long monument. For whilst to th’ shame of slow-endeavouring art,   Thy easy numbers flow, and that each heart   Hath from the leaves of thy unvalued book Those Delphic lines with deep impression took,   Then thou, our fancy of itself bereaving,   Dost make us marble with too much conceiving; And so sepúlchred in such pomp dost lie,That kings for such a tomb would wish to die.Not marble nor the gilded monuments Of princes shall outlive this powerful rhyme, But you shall shine more bright in these contents Than unswept stone besmeared with sluttish time. When wasteful war shall statues overturn, And broils root out the work of masonry, Nor Mars his sword nor war’s quick fire shall burn The living record of your memory. ’Gainst death and all-oblivious enmity Shall you pace forth; your praise shall still find room Even in the eyes of all posterity That wear this world out to the ending doom. ;So, till the Judgement that yourself arise, ;You live in this, and dwell in lovers’ eyes.Since there is no escape, since at the end My body will be utterly destroyed, This hand I love as I have loved a friend, This body I tended, wept with and enjoyed; Since there is no escape even for me Who love life with a love too sharp to bear: The scent of orchards in the rain, the sea And hours alone too still and sure for prayer— Since darkness waits for me, then all the more Let me go down as waves sweep to the shore In pride, and let me sing with my last breath; In these few hours of light I lift my head; Life is my lover—I shall leave the dead If there is any way to baffle death.We deemed the secret lost, the spirit gone, Which spake in Greek simplicity of thought, And in the forms of gods and heroes wrought Eternal beauty from the sculptured stone,— A higher charm than modern culture won With all the wealth of metaphysic lore, Gifted to analyze, dissect, explore. A many-colored light flows from one sun; Art, ’neath its beams, a motley thread has spun; The prism modifies the perfect day; But thou hast known such mediums to shun, And cast once more on life a pure, white ray. Absorbed in the creations of thy mind, Forgetting daily self, my truest self I find.Vainly my heart had with thy sorceries striven: It had no refuge from thy love,—no Heaven But in thy fatal presence;—from afar It owned thy power and trembled like a star O’erfraught with light and splendor. Could I deem How dark a shadow should obscure its beam?— Could I believe that pain could ever dwell Where thy bright presence cast its blissful spell? Thou wert my proud palladium;—could I fear The avenging Destinies when thou wert near?—Thou wert my Destiny;—thy song, thy fame, The wild enchantments clustering round thy name, Were my soul’s heritage, its royal dower; Its glory and its kingdom and its power!Why am I if I am uncertain reasons may inclose.    Remain remain propose repose chose.    I call carelessly that the door is open    Which if they may refuse to open    No one can rush to close.    Let them be mine therefor.    Everybody knows that I chose.    Therefor if therefore before I close.    I will therefore offer therefore I offer this. Which if I refuse to miss may be miss is mine. I will be well welcome when I come.    Because I am coming. Certainly I come having come. ; ; ; ; ;   These stanzas are done.Her body is not so white as anemony petals nor so smooth—nor so remote a thing. It is a field of the wild carrot taking the field by force; the grass does not raise above it. Here is no question of whiteness, white as can be, with a purple mole at the center of each flower. Each flower is a hand’s span of her whiteness. Wherever his hand has lain there is a tiny purple blemish. Each part is a blossom under his touch to which the fibres of her being stem one by one, each to its end, until the whole field is a white desire, empty, a single stem, a cluster, flower by flower, a pious wish to whiteness gone over— or nothing.It was midday before we noticed it was morning. The boy cousins brought us a tray—soup and cheese, warm soda, and a soft cloth and candy for her fever. They wouldn’t come in, the tray weighing between them. They stood like woodwork inside the door frame. By afternoon the old procession—silence at the lip of a dozen night travelers tired and grieving, one by one, or pairs floating to the bed and back with a touching of hands like humming, and the one we gathered for slipping farther for all the good we could do. She lay in her shadow. She looked to no one. Her daylilies bobbed wide open out in the wild, blue sun and the same bee kept nosing her window to reach them. Dusk: even the boys were back watching it try.If things were worse, this cursed rain would soak me unto sickness, so Samuel Sewall might have written in his vespers journal. I have it on my writing desk inside. For three days I have labored with a saw and plane and many boards to make my girl a swingset near her mother’s lilac shrubs, as rain has drizzled cold and meaningless. How coherent was his world of works and days, when Plentifull Rains might connote a coming providence—so Sewall notes of Her Majesty’s Court, June the eighteenth, seventeen twelve. ; ;  We are well satisfyed with the Layin out ; ;   of our Money—My father liked them separate, one there, one here (allá y aquí), as if aware that words might cut in two his daughter’s heart (el corazón) and lock the alien part to what he was—his memory, his name (su nombre)—with a key he could not claim. “English outside this door, Spanish inside,” he said, “y basta.” But who can divide the world, the word (mundo y palabra) from any child? I knew how to be dumb and stubborn (testaruda); late, in bed, I hoarded secret syllables I read until my tongue (mi lengua) learned to run where his stumbled. And still the heart was one. I like to think he knew that, even when, proud (orgulloso) of his daughter’s pen, he stood outside mis versos, half in fear of words he loved but wanted not to hear.Mine, said the stone, mine is the hour. I crush the scissors, such is my power. Stronger than wishes, my power, alone. Mine, said the paper, mine are the words that smother the stone with imagined birds, reams of them, flown from the mind of the shaper. Mine, said the scissors, mine all the knives gashing through paper’s ethereal lives; nothing’s so proper as tattering wishes. As stone crushes scissors, as paper snuffs stone and scissors cut paper, all end alone. So heap up your paper and scissor your wishes and uproot the stone from the top of the hill. They all end alone as you will, you will.I think I should have loved you presently, And given in earnest words I flung in jest; And lifted honest eyes for you to see, And caught your hand against my cheek and breast; And all my pretty follies flung aside That won you to me, and beneath your gaze, Naked of reticence and shorn of pride, Spread like a chart my little wicked ways. I, that had been to you, had you remained, But one more waking from a recurrent dream, Cherish no less the certain stakes I gained, And walk your memory’s halls, austere, supreme, A ghost in marble of a girl you knew Who would have loved you in a day or two.What lips my lips have kissed, and where, and why, I have forgotten, and what arms have lain Under my head till morning; but the rain Is full of ghosts tonight, that tap and sigh Upon the glass and listen for reply, And in my heart there stirs a quiet pain For unremembered lads that not again Will turn to me at midnight with a cry. Thus in the winter stands the lonely tree, Nor knows what birds have vanished one by one, Yet knows its boughs more silent than before: I cannot say what loves have come and gone, I only know that summer sang in me A little while, that in me sings no more.It was like soul-kissing, the way the words filled my mouth as Mrs. Purdy read from her desk. All the other kids zoned an hour ahead to 3:15, but Mrs. Purdy and I wandered lonely as clouds borne by a breeze off Mount Parnassus. She must have seen the darkest eyes in the room brim: The next day she gave me a poem she’d chosen especially for me to read to the all except for me white class. She smiled when she told me to read it, smiled harder, said oh yes I could. She smiled harder and harder until I stood and opened my mouth to banjo playing darkies, pickaninnies, disses and dats. When I finished my classmates stared at the floor. We walked silent to the buses, awed by the power of words.Oh, Hope! thou soother sweet of human woes! ;  How shall I lure thee to my haunts forlorn! For me wilt thou renew the withered rose, ;  And clear my painful path of pointed thorn? Ah come, sweet nymph! in smiles and softness drest, ;  Like the young hours that lead the tender year Enchantress come! and charm my cares to rest: ;  Alas! the flatterer flies, and will not hear! A prey to fear, anxiety, and pain, ;  Must I a sad existence still deplore? Lo! the flowers fade, but all the thorns remain, ;  ‘For me the vernal garland blooms no more.’ Come then, ‘pale Misery’s love!’ be thou my cure, And I will bless thee, who though slow art sure.(Kyoto)    CONFIDENCE ;   (after Bashō) Clouds murmur darkly, it is a blinding habit— gazing at the moon.TIME OF JOY ;   (after Buson) Spring means plum blossoms and spotless new kimonos for holiday whores.RENDEZVOUS ;   (after Shiki) Once more as I wait for you, night and icy wind melt into cold rain.FOR SATORI In the spring of joy, when even the mud chuckles, my soul runs rabid, snaps at its own bleeding heels, and barks: “What is happiness?”SOMBER GIRL She never saw fire from heaven or hotly fought with God; but her eyes smolder for Hiroshima and the cold death of Buddha.Ventriloquy is the mother tongue. Can you colonize rejection    by phrasing your request, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;“Me want?” Song: “I’m not a baby. ; ;   Wa, Wa, Wa. ; ;I’m not a baby. ; ;   Wa, Wa, Wa. ; ;I’m crazy ; ;   like you.” The “you” in the heart of    molecule and ridicule. Marks resembling    the holes in dead leaves define the thing (moth wing). That flutter of indifference, ; ; ; ; ; feigned? But if lapses   are the dens strategy aims    to conceal, then you don’t know    what you’re asking.Shooting pleasures    Ok’d by My being seen For Or as If. ; ; ; ;* Not just light at the end of the tunnel, but hearts, bows, rainbows— all the stickers teachers award if pleased. ; ; ; ;* Pigeons bathe in technicolor    fluid “of a morning.” ; ; ; ;* If I was banging my head with a shoe, I was just exaggerating— like raising my voice    or the ante. Curlicues on iron gratings: Can it be a flourish is a grimace, but a grimace isn’t a flourish? ; ; ; ;* On the inscribed surface of sleep. Almost constant    bird soundings. “Aloha, Fruity Pebbles!” Music, useful for abstracting emphasis. Sweet nothing    to do with me.In his fifth year the son, deep in the backseat    of his father’s Ford and the mysterium of time, holds time in memory with words,night, this night, on the way to a stalled rig south    of Kiowa Creek where the plains wind stacks    the skeletons of weeds on barbed-wire fences    and rattles the battered DeKalb sign to make    the child think of time in its passing, of death. Cattle stare at flat-bed haulers gunning clumps    of black smoke and lugging damaged drill pipe    up the gullied, mud-hollowed road. Road, this    roadChild! do not throw this book about! ;  Refrain from the unholy pleasure    Of cutting all the pictures out!    Preserve it as your chiefest treasure. Child, have you never heard it said ;  That you are heir to all the ages? Why, then, your hands were never made    To tear these beautiful thick pages! Your little hands were made to take    The better things and leave the worse ones:    They also may be used to shake    The Massive Paws of Elder Persons. And when your prayers complete the day, ;  Darling, your little tiny hands Were also made, I think, to pray ;  For men that lose their fairylands.As a friend to the children commend me the Yak. ;  You will find it exactly the thing: It will carry and fetch, you can ride on its back, ;  Or lead it about with a string. The Tartar who dwells on the plains of Thibet ;  (A desolate region of snow) Has for centuries made it a nursery pet, ;  And surely the Tartar should know! Then tell your papa where the Yak can be got, ;  And if he is awfully rich He will buy you the creature—or else he will not.    (I cannot be positive which.)I pour a coating of salt on the table and make a circle in it with my finger. This is the cycle of life I say to no one. This is the wheel of fortune, the Arctic Circle. This is the ring of Kerry and the white rose of Tralee I say to the ghosts of my family, the dead fathers, the aunt who drowned, my unborn brothers and sisters, my unborn children. This is the sun with its glittering spokes and the bitter moon. This is the absolute circle of geometry I say to the crack in the wall, to the birds who cross the window. This is the wheel I just invented to roll through the rest of my life I say touching my finger to my tongue.The whole world was there, plucking their linen,    half-bald, mumbling, sucking on their moustache tips.    Broadway was still in business and they asked no favors. All the cracked ribs of Fredericksburg, the boys who held their tongues at Chancellorsville    as the bandages, mule shit, skin and shot overran the Rappahannock’s banks    and poured it in our mouths    that summer. He sat up half the night reading to the Army of the Potomac    poems about trooping goats and crazy fathers    chewing grass in the wilderness. ; ;It’s me that saved his life, dear mother, ; ;he had dysentery, bronchitis, and something else ; ;   the doctors couldnThe water sings along our keel, ;  The wind falls to a whispering breath; I look into your eyes and feel    No fear of life or death;    So near is love, so far away    The losing strife of yesterday. We watch the swallow skim and dip;    Some magic bids the world be still;    Life stands with finger upon lip;    Love hath his gentle will; Though hearts have bled, and tears have burned, The river floweth unconcerned. We pray the fickle flag of truce    Still float deceitfully and fair; Our eyes must love its sweet abuse; ;  This hour we will not care, Though just beyond to-morrow's gate,    Arrayed and strong, the battle wait.A noisome thing that crawls by covert path,    For glad, unfearing feet to lie in wait; No part in summer’s fellowship it hath,    From mirth and love and music alienate. Yet once it flashed across the close, brown grass    In the noon sun, and, as it quivered there, The spell of beauty over it did pass,    Making it kin with earth and light and air. I knew that Life’s imperial self decrees    That this, the loathliest of living things, By patient ways of cycled centuries,    Slow creeping, shall at last attain to wings.Thou two-faced year, Mother of Change and Fate,
Didst weep when Spain cast forth with flaming sword, 
The children of the prophets of the Lord,
Prince, priest, and people, spurned by zealot hate.
Hounded from sea to sea, from state to state, 
The West refused them, and the East abhorred. 
No anchorage the known world could afford, 
Close-locked was every port, barred every gate. 
Then smiling, thou unveil’dst, O two-faced year, 
A virgin world where doors of sunset part, 
Saying, "Ho, all who weary, enter here!
There falls each ancient barrier that the art 
Of race or creed or rank devised, to rear
Grim bulwarked hatred between heart and heart!"Sometimes she’s Confucian—resolute in privation. . . . Each day, more immobile, hip not mending, legs swollen; still she carries her grief with a hard steadiness. Twelve years uncompanioned, there’s no point longing for what can’t return. This morning, she tells me, she found a robin hunched in the damp dirt by the blossoming white azalea. Still there at noon— she went out in the yard with her 4-pronged metal cane— it appeared to be dying. Tonight, when she looked again, the bird had disappeared and in its place, under the bush, was a tiny egg— “Beautiful robin’s-egg blue”— she carried carefully indoors. “Are you keeping it warm?” I ask—what am I thinking?— And she: “Gail, I don’t want a bird, I want a blue egg.”All our stones like as much sun as possible. Along their joints run both solar access and decline In equal splendor, like a mica chipping At every beat, being sun responsible. How much sun then do you think is due them? Or should say, how much sun do you think they are apt to have? It has misted at their roots for some days now, The gray glamour addressing itself to them. I should think possible that it go on misting likewise A good way into next year, or time as they have it, A regular cool season every day for our stones. Not a streak that low of any sun or longed surprise.for Henry Adams    Effort for distraction grew Ferocious, grew Ferocious and paced, that was its exercise. Effort for distraction strained, Legged in the hour-like single stretch Its heels and sight to feel, so slit its eyes. Effort without effort or with Greatest possible effort always centered Back in the concentrated trough where lies The magnet to the filings, The saw tooth to the tongue, The turn of life to a returning life. By all the traction of mind and spin of spirit Having gained grasp gasped to bear it, Having got ground groaned, furious title holder. Paced and cried, so sore for a different direction, grew Ferocious, grew Unkind to strength that gave it strength to grow.Mother said to call her if the H-bomb exploded And I said I would, and it about did When Louis my brother robbed a service station And lay cursing on the oily cement in handcuffs. But by that time it was too late to tell Mother, She was too sick to worry the life out of her Over why why. Causation is sequence And everything is one thing after another. Besides, my other brother, Eddie, had got to be President, And you can't ask too much of one family. The chances were as good for a good future As bad for a bad one. Therefore it was surprising that, as we kept the newspapers from Mother, She died feeling responsible for a disaster unverified, Murmuring, in her sleep as it seemed, the ancient sloganNoblesse oblige.When you swim in the surf off Seal Rocks, and your family Sits in the sand Eating potato salad, and the undertow    Comes which takes you out away down To loss of breath loss of play and the power of play Holler, say Help, help, help. Hello, they will say,    Come back here for some potato salad. It is then that a seventeen-year-old cub    Cruising in a helicopter from Antigua, A jackstraw expert speaking only Swedish    And remote from this area as a camel, says    Look down there, there is somebody drowning. And it is you. You say, yes, yes,    And he throws you a line. This is what is called the brotherhood of man.Here's how we were counted: firstborn, nay-sayers, veterans, slow-payers, seditionists, convicts, half-breeds, has-beens, the nearly defined dead, all the disenfranchised live. Once everybody had a place among the nameless. Now we can't afford to be anonymous. Consider, they said, the poor, the misfit—consider the woman figuring herself per cent. Consider the P.A. system making a point so intimate I petition not to be anybody's good guess or estimate. I ask to be one: maybe widow-to-be watching the sun diminish brick by brick along the jail wall and also that green pear on its drunken roll out of the executioner's lunch basket. At 12:01, 02, in the cocked chamber of the digital clock the newsman said: There'll be less work in the new century.There is a face I know too well,    A face I dread to see, So vain it is, so eloquent Of all futility. It is a human face that hides A monkey soul within, That bangs about, that beats a gong,    That makes a horrid din. Sometimes the monkey soul will sprawl    Athwart the human eyes, And peering forth, will flesh its pads,    And utter social lies. So wretched is this face, so vain,    So empty and forlorn, You well may say that better far    This face had not been born.I wonder what I would have said if my dad asked me, "Son, do you know who cut down my pretty cherry tree?" I think I might have closed my eyes and thought a little bit about the herds of elephants I'd seen attacking it. I would have heard the rat-a-tat of woodpeckers, at least, or the raging roar of a charging boar or some such other beast! Perhaps a hippopotamus with nothing else to do had wandered through our garden and stopped to take a chew. We all know George said, "Father, I cannot tell a lie." Yet I can't help but wonder ... Did he really try?Most like an arch—an entrance which upholds and shores the stone-crush up the air like lace. Mass made idea, and idea held in place. A lock in time. Inside half-heaven unfolds. Most like an arch—two weaknesses that lean into a strength. Two fallings become firm. Two joined abeyances become a term naming the fact that teaches fact to mean. Not quite that? Not much less. World as it is, what’s strong and separate falters. All I do at piling stone on stone apart from you is roofless around nothing. Till we kiss I am no more than upright and unset. It is by falling in and in we make the all-bearing point, for one another’s sake, in faultless failing, raised by our own weight.for Helen Vendler    O for a muse of fire, a sack of dough,    Or both! O promissory notes of woe!    One time in Santa Fe N.M. Ol’ Winfield Townley Scott and I ... But whoa. One can exert oneself, ff, Or architect a heaven like Rimbaud, Or if that seems, how shall I say, de trop,    One can at least write sonnets, a propos    Of nothing save the do-re-mi-fa-sol    Of poetry itself. Is not the row Of perfect rhymes, the terminal bon mot,    Obeisance enough to the Great O? “Observe,” said Chairman Mao to Premier Chou,    “On voyage à Parnasse pour prendre les eaux.    On voyage comme poisson, incog.”Thanksgiving Day I like to see Our cook perform her witchery. She turns a pumpkin into pie As easily as you or I Can wave a hand or wink an eye. She takes leftover bread and muffin And changes them to turkey stuffin’. She changes cranberries to sauce And meats to stews and stews to broths; And when she mixes gingerbread It turns into a man instead With frosting collar ’round his throat And raisin buttons down his coat. Oh, some like magic made by wands,    And some read magic out of books, And some like fairy spells and charms    But I like magic made by cooks!The god of war assured King Arsounas, “Do not be fooled by words. No life is taken. Know that no one was ever born, nor does anyone die.” In the violent mini-eternity of the warrior, combat is conducted according to a ritual formal as song: no one is ever born, no one can ever die. The left-handed rockabilly guitarist whose left arm was severed by an RPG round at Dak To has come back to life in a part of my body that died long before we started to patrol this part of the river of eternal woe. His life is mine though I never lived it. The violent backwash of the rotors is crimsoned by a fine aerosol spray of blood while a loudspeaker amplifies the goddess’ excited laughter.sleepwalker can never die he is the chemical soldier composite of latex and atropine, hellfire, warthogs, desolation, pride, apaches, lasers, dust devils swirling, screaming fire deaths, machine worship, young blond pilots flashing thumbs up, excited smiles of interviewed military wives, shrapnel- paced rockeye anti-personnel bombs spraying death like fireflies over a texas barbecue of human flesh stretching sixty miles across open desert, armageddon over eden, algebraic mosaic of witchcraft, dot pattern magic of omens and signs, victims never knowing what hit them, vivid delivery of hell to nineveh, incendiary reduction of tissue to shadows on the sand, incineration of boots with human feet still in them, pain, mania, technology, history, delirious victims bleeding, eagle with the brains of a weak and frightened victim in its beak, unhappy fate, grief, shame, helpless rageThe boy who is kind to animals has tied a firecracker to the cat’s tail he is stoning the spotted bitch he is called Wind-Chaser Yesterday he gave bread and broken meat to the street dogs, his friends His friends are catching lizards behind the wall they killed a songbird with their catapults with the boy who is kind to animals they set fire to a grasshopper, laughing Along the road the children are shaking boxes something wants to get out The mother spits curses she says we should pay because they are hungry Wind-Chaser, Eye-of-the-Heart, Comes-Again, run away from their baffled eyesAt last I know—it’s on old ivory jars, Glassed with old miniatures and garnered once with musk.    I’ve seen those eyes like smouldering April stars As carp might see them behind their bubbled skies In pale green fishponds—they’re as green your eyes, ;  As lakes themselves, changed to green stone at dusk. At last I know—it’s paned in a crystal hoop    On powder-boxes from some dead Italian girl, I’ve seen such eyes grow suddenly dark, and droop    Their small, pure lids, as if I’d pried too far    In finding you snared there on that ivory jar    By crusted motes of rose and smoky-pearl.After the whey-faced anonymity Of river-gums and scribbly-gums and bush, After the rubbing and the hit of brush, You come to the South Country As if the argument of trees were done, The doubts and quarrelling, the plots and pains, All ended by these clear and gliding planes Like an abrupt solution. And over the flat earth of empty farms The monstrous continent of air floats back Coloured with rotting sunlight and the black, Bruised flesh of thunderstorms: Air arched, enormous, pounding the bony ridge, Ditches and hutches, with a drench of light, So huge, from such infinities of height, You walk on the sky’s beach While even the dwindled hills are small and bare, As if, rebellious, buried, pitiful, Something below pushed up a knob of skull, Feeling its way to air.“If you open the brain ; ; ; ; ; ; ;from whence sprang Solomon and Aristotle and separate the lips ; ; ; ; ; ;    in the fissure of Sylvius a triangle of cortex ; ; ; ; ; ;  will appear. This is the Island of Reil.” Well put, anatomist. ; ; ; ; ; ;  We are all careful, men of earth (a blind man can sense a post). Thus Newton pondered on falling apples and a Mixtec carved a humanist in jaguar bone. “How happy I was,” ; ; ; ; ;    wrote the scientist after a long illness, “when once again ; ; ; ; ; I had something to investigate.”a man and his dog what fun chasing twigs into the water! young girls bicycle by in pairs and plaid shorts a wind so soft one’s whole back tingles with cilia a gentle lake the sun boils at the center, radiates the zone for man ; ;   and lays a healing pad across his nape an airplane small and flat as a paper model roars behind the Virgilian scene an old man tips his straw hat down to shade ; ; ; ;  his eyes, pulls up his fishline and moves on to a new spot the poor small wood louse crawls along the bark ridge for his lifeThe ants came    to investigate    the dead bull snake,    nibbled at the viscera    and hurried off    with full mouths    waving wild    antenae. Moths alighted,    beetles swarmed,    flies buzzed in the stomach. Three crows    tugged and tore    and flew off to their oak tree with the skin. In every house men, women and children    were chewing beef. Who was it said “The wonder of the world    is its comprehensibility”?Eastern Sea, 100 fathoms, green sand, pebbles, broken shells. Off Suno Saki, 60 fathoms, gray sand, pebbles, bubbles rising. Plasma-bearer and slow- motion benthos! The fishery vessel Ion drops anchor here ; ; ; ; ;   collecting plankton smears and fauna. Plasma-bearer, visible sea purge, ; ; ;  sponge and kelpleaf. Halicystus the Sea Bottle resembles emeralds and is the largest cell in the world. Young sea horse Hippocampus twenty minutes old, nobody has ever seen this marine freak blink. It radiates on terminal vertebra a comb of twenty upright spines and curls its rocky tail. Saltflush lobster bull encrusted swims backwards from the rock.Who can say now, “When I was young, the country was very beautiful? Oaks and willows grew along the rivers and there were many herbs and flowering bushes. The forests were so dense the deer slipped through the cottonwoods and maples unseen.” Who would listen? Who will carry even the vicarious tone of that time? In the old days ; ; ; ; ;age was honored. Today it’s whim, ; ; ; ; ; the whelp without habitat. Who will now admit ; ; ; ; ;    that he is either old or young or knows anything? All that went out with the forests.The kindergarten concert was an interesting show. Peter walked onto the stage and yelled, “I have to go!” Katie was embarrassed, but she had nowhere to hide. She raised her dress to hide her face. Her mother almost died. Keith removed his tie and said, “It’s ugly, Dad. I hate it!” David picked his nose on stage. What’s worse is that he ate it. They sang their song, and Wyatt burped. Then he did a dance. Michael fell while spinning ’round. Peter wet his pants. The music teacher at the end said, “There, I’m glad that’s done.” The kindergarten bowed and said, “Let’s sing another one!”I’m wondering where you are now Married, or mad, or free: Wherever you are you’re likely glad, But memory troubles me. We could’ve had us children, We could’ve had a home— But you thought not, and I thought not, And these nine years we roam. Today I worked in the deep dark tanks, And climbed out to watch the sea: Gulls and salty waves pass by, And mountains of Araby. I’ve travelled the lonely oceans And wandered the lonely towns. I’ve learned a lot and lost a lot, And proved the world was round. Now if we’d stayed together, There’s much we’d never’ve known— But dreary books and weary lands Weigh on me like a stone.  Indian Ocean, 1959We finished clearing the last Section of trail by noon, High on the ridge-side Two thousand feet above the creek Reached the pass, went on Beyond the white pine groves, Granite shoulders, to a small Green meadow watered by the snow, Edged with Aspen—sun Straight high and blazing But the air was cool. Ate a cold fried trout in the Trembling shadows. I spied A glitter, and found a flake Black volcanic glass—obsidian— By a flower. Hands and knees Pushing the Bear grass, thousands Of arrowhead leavings over a Hundred yards. Not one good Head, just razor flakes On a hill snowed all but summer, A land of fat summer deer, They came to camp. On their Own trails. I followed my own Trail here. Picked up the cold-drill, Pick, singlejack, and sack Of dynamite. Ten thousand years.Fetch? Balls and sticks capture my attention seconds at a time. Catch? I don’t think so. Bunny, tumbling leaf, a squirrel who’s—oh joy—actually scared. Sniff the wind, then I’m off again: muck, pond, ditch, residue of any thrillingly dead thing. And you? Either you’re sunk in the past, half our walk, thinking of what you never can bring back, or else you’re off in some fog concerning —tomorrow, is that what you call it? My work: to unsnare time’s warp (and woof!), retrieving, my haze-headed friend, you. This shining bark, a Zen master’s bronzy gong, calls you here, entirely, now: bow-wow, bow-wow, bow-wow.Beautiful dreamer, wake unto me, Starlight and dewdrops are waiting for thee; Sounds of the rude world heard in the day, Lull'd by the moonlight have all pass'd a way! Beautiful dreamer, queen of my song, List while I woo thee with soft melody; Gone are the cares of life's busy throng,— Beautiful dreamer, awake unto me! Beautiful dreamer awake unto me! Beautiful dreamer, out on the sea Mermaids are chaunting the wild lorelie; Over the streamlet vapors are borne, Waiting to fade at the bright coming morn. Beautiful dreamer, beam on my heart, E'en as the morn on the streamlet and sea; Then will all clouds of sorrow depart,— Beautiful dreamer, awake unto me! Beautiful dreamer, awake unto me!There are never any suicides in the quarter among people one knows No successful suicides. A Chinese boy kills himself and is dead. (they continue to place his mail in the letter rack at the Dome) A Norwegian boy kills himself and is dead. (no one knows where the other Norwegian boy has gone) They find a model dead alone in bed and very dead. (it made almost unbearable trouble for the concierge) Sweet oil, the white of eggs, mustard and water, soap suds and stomach pumps rescue the people one knows. Every afternoon the people one knows can be found at the café.Pastime with good company I love and shall unto I die. Grudge whoso will, but none deny, So God be pleased, this live will I. For my pastance Hunt, sing, and dance. My heart is set All godely sport To my comfort. Who shall me let? Youth will have needs daliance, Of good or ill some pastance. Company me thinketh then best All thoftes and fantasies to digest. For idleness Is chief mistress Of vices all. Than who can say But “pass the day” Is best of all? Company with honesty Is virtue, and vice to flee. Company is good or ill But every man hath his free will. The best ensue, The worst eschew, My mind shall be. Virtue to use, Vice to refuse, I shall use me.I sing of brooks, of blossoms, birds, and bowers,
Of April, May, of June, and July flowers.
I sing of May-poles, hock-carts, wassails, wakes,
Of bridegrooms, brides, and of their bridal-cakes.
I write of youth, of love, and have access
By these to sing of cleanly wantonness.
I sing of dews, of rains, and piece by piece
Of balm, of oil, of spice, and ambergris.
I sing of Time's trans-shifting; and I write
How roses first came red, and lilies white.
I write of groves, of twilights, and I sing
The court of Mab, and of the fairy king.
I write of Hell; I sing (and ever shall)
Of Heaven, and hope to have it after all.Dear! of all happy in the hour, most blest ;  He who has found our hid security, Assured in the dark tides of the world that rest, ;  And heard our word, ‘Who is so safe as we?’ We have found safety with all things undying, ;  The winds, and morning, tears of men and mirth, The deep night, and birds singing, and clouds flying, ;  And sleep, and freedom, and the autumnal earth. We have built a house that is not for Time’s throwing. ;  We have gained a peace unshaken by pain for ever. War knows no power. Safe shall be my going, ;  Secretly armed against all death’s endeavour; Safe though all safety’s lost; safe where men fall; And if these poor limbs die, safest of all.These hearts were woven of human joys and cares, ;  Washed marvellously with sorrow, swift to mirth. The years had given them kindness. Dawn was theirs, ;  And sunset, and the colours of the earth. These had seen movement, and heard music; known ;  Slumber and waking; loved; gone proudly friended; Felt the quick stir of wonder; sat alone; ;  Touched flowers and furs and cheeks. All this is ended. There are waters blown by changing winds to laughter And lit by the rich skies, all day. And after, ;  Frost, with a gesture, stays the waves that dance And wandering loveliness. He leaves a white ;  Unbroken glory, a gathered radiance, A width, a shining peace, under the night.But then there comes that moment rare When, for no cause that I can find, The little voices of the air Sound above all the sea and wind. The sea and wind do then obey And sighing, sighing double notes Of double basses, content to play A droning chord for the little throats— The little throats that sing and rise Up into the light with lovely ease And a kind of magical, sweet surprise To hear and know themselves for these— For these little voices: the bee, the fly, The leaf that taps, the pod that breaks, The breeze on the grass-tops bending by, The shrill quick sound that the insect makes.What passing-bells for these who die as cattle? ;  — Only the monstrous anger of the guns. ;  Only the stuttering rifles' rapid rattle Can patter out their hasty orisons. No mockeries now for them; no prayers nor bells; ;   Nor any voice of mourning save the choirs,— The shrill, demented choirs of wailing shells; ;  And bugles calling for them from sad shires. What candles may be held to speed them all? ;  Not in the hands of boys, but in their eyes Shall shine the holy glimmers of goodbyes. ;  The pallor of girls' brows shall be their pall; Their flowers the tenderness of patient minds, And each slow dusk a drawing-down of blinds.Nudes—stark and glistening, Yelling in lurid glee. Grinning faces And raging limbs Whirl over the floor one fire. For a shirt verminously busy Yon soldier tore from his throat, with oaths Godhead might shrink at, but not the lice. And soon the shirt was aflare Over the candle he’d lit while we lay. Then we all sprang up and stript To hunt the verminous brood. Soon like a demons’ pantomime The place was raging. See the silhouettes agape, See the gibbering shadows Mixed with the battled arms on the wall. See gargantuan hooked fingers Pluck in supreme flesh To smutch supreme littleness. See the merry limbs in hot Highland fling Because some wizard vermin Charmed from the quiet this revel When our ears were half lulled By the dark music Blown from Sleep’s trumpet.I used to think The mind essential in the body, even As stood the body essential in the mind: Two inseparable things, by nature equal And similar, and in creation’s song Halving the total scale: it is not so. Unlike and cross like driftwood sticks they come Churned in the giddy trough: a chunk of pine, A slab of rosewood: mangled each on each With knocks and friction, or in deadly pain Sheathing each other’s splinters: till at last Without all stuff or shape they ’re jetted up Where in the bluish moisture rot whate’er Was vomited in horror from the sea.By such an all-embalming summer day As sweetens now among the mountain pines Down to the cornland yonder and the vines, To where the sky and sea are mixed in gray, How do all things together take their way Harmonious to the harvest, bringing wines And bread and light and whatsoe’er combines In the large wreath to make it round and gay. To me my troubled life doth now appear Like scarce distinguishable summits hung Around the blue horizon: places where Not even a traveller purposeth to steer,— Whereof a migrant bird in passing sung, And the girl closed her window not to hear.You say, Columbus with his argosies Who rash and greedy took the screaming main And vanished out before the hurricane Into the sunset after merchandise, Then under western palms with simple eyes Trafficked and robbed and triumphed home again: You say this is the glory of the brain And human life no other use than this? I then do answering say to you: The line Of wizards and of saviours, keeping trust In that which made them pensive and divine, Passes before us like a cloud of dust. What were they? Actors, ill and mad with wine, And all their language babble and disgust.Would that you were alive today, Catullus! Truth ’tis, there is a filthy skunk amongst us, A rank musk-idiot, the filthiest skunk, Of no least sorry use on earth, but only Fit in fancy to justify the outlay Of your most horrible vocabulary. My Muse, all innocent as Eve in Eden, Would yet wear any skins of old pollution Rather than celebrate the name detested. Ev’n now might he rejoice at our attention, Guess'd he this little ode were aiming at him. O! were you but alive again, Catullus! For see, not one among the bards of our time With their flimsy tackle was out to strike him; Not those two pretty Laureates of England, Not Alfred Tennyson nor Alfred Austin.; ; ; ;   colored pictures of all things to eat: dirty postcards ; ; ; And words, words, words    all over everything ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  No eyes or ears left    to do their own doings (all invaded, appropriated, outraged, all senses including the mind, that worker on what is ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  And that other sense    made to give even the most wretched, or any of us, wretched, that consolation (greased ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; lulled    even the street-cars songafter Baudelaire    Quiet now, sorrow; relax. Calm down, fear ... You wanted the night? It’s falling, here, Like a black glove onto the city, Giving a few some peace ... but not me. I think, well, almost everyone I know Loves to be whipped by pleasure—right, Killer?— As they stroll the boardwalk, parading their despair. So why don’t you come too? But instead, with me, Away from all these tattered ghosts leaning off The sky’s balcony like last year’s lovers; We’ll watch everything we regret step from the sea Dripping ... while the dead sun drags its arc Towards China. Shroud of my heart, listen. Listen— How softly the night steps toward us.When we first heard from blocks away the fog truck’s blustery roar, we dropped our toys, leapt from our meals,    and scrambled out the door into an evening briefly fuzzy. We yearned to be transformed— translated past confining flesh to disembodied spirit. We swarmed in thick smoke, taking human form    before we blurred again, turned vague and then invisible,    in temporary heaven. Freed of bodies by the fog, we laughed, we sang, we shouted.    We were our voices, nothing else.    Voice was all we wanted. The white clouds tumbled down our streets    pursued by spellbound children    who chased the most distorting clouds, ecstatic in the poison.I like to touch your tattoos in complete darkness, when I can’t see them. I’m sure of where they are, know by heart the neat lines of lightning pulsing just above your nipple, can find, as if by instinct, the blue swirls of water on your shoulder where a serpent twists, facing a dragon. When I pull you to me, taking you until we’re spent and quiet on the sheets, I love to kiss the pictures in your skin. They’ll last until you’re seared to ashes; whatever persists or turns to pain between us, they will still be there. Such permanence is terrifying. So I touch them in the dark; but touch them, trying.I have been one acquainted with the night. I have walked out in rain—and back in rain. I have outwalked the furthest city light. I have looked down the saddest city lane. I have passed by the watchman on his beat And dropped my eyes, unwilling to explain. I have stood still and stopped the sound of feet When far away an interrupted cry Came over houses from another street, But not to call me back or say good-bye; And further still at an unearthly height, One luminary clock against the sky Proclaimed the time was neither wrong nor right.  I have been one acquainted with the night.All the new thinking is about loss. In this it resembles all the old thinking. The idea, for example, that each particular erases the luminous clarity of a general idea. That the clown- faced woodpecker probing the dead sculpted trunk of that black birch is, by his presence, some tragic falling off from a first world of undivided light. Or the other notion that, because there is in this world no one thing to which the bramble of blackberry corresponds, a word is elegy to what it signifies. We talked about it late last night and in the voice of my friend, there was a thin wire of grief, a tone almost querulous. After a while I understood that, talking this way, everything dissolves: justice, pine, hair, woman, youLooking into my daughter’s eyes I read    Beneath the innocence of morning flesh    Concealed, hintings of death she does not heed. Coldest of winds have blown this hair, and mesh Of seaweed snarled these miniatures of hands; The night’s slow poison, tolerant and bland, Has moved her blood. Parched years that I have seen    That may be hers appear: foul, lingering    Death in certain war, the slim legs green.    Or, fed on hate, she relishes the sting    Of others’ agony; perhaps the cruel    Bride of a syphilitic or a fool.    These speculations sour in the sun.    I have no daughter. I desire none.1 Eastern guard tower glints in sunset; convicts rest like lizards on rocks. 2 The piano man is stingy, at 3 A.M. his songs drop like plum. 3 Morning sun slants cell. Drunks stagger like cripple flies On jailhouse floor. 4 To write a blues song is to regiment riots and pluck gems from graves. 5 A bare pecan tree slips a pencil shadow down a moonlit snow slope. 6 The falling snow flakes Cannot blunt the hard aches nor Match the steel stillness. 7 Under moon shadows A tall boy flashes knife and Slices star bright ice. 8 In the August grass Struck by the last rays of sun The cracked teacup screams. 9 Making jazz swing in Seventeen syllables AIN’T No square poet’s job.Father’s opinion of savages And dogs, a gay Bloomsbury epigram: ‘The brutes may possibly have souls,’ he says, ‘But reason, no. Nevertheless, I am Prepared not to extend this to my spouse And children.’ This demands a careful pity: Poor Father! Whooping and romping in their house, A holiday from ruin in the City. His wit falls flat, his tie just will not tie. The dog’s in chains, the reasonable books Grazed by his children as they learn to fly. He takes his dear wife’s arm (his hands grow hooks). Pirates and pudding! Come, such cruelty! His beard is branching like a burning tree.You don’t listen to what I say. When I lean towards you in the car You simply smile and turn away. It’s been like this most of the day, sitting and sipping, bar after bar: You don’t listen to what I say. You squeeze a lemon from a tray, And if you guess how dear you are You simply smile and turn away. Beyond the hairline of the bay the steamers call that shore is far. You don’t listen to what I say: Surely there’s another way? The waiter brings a small guitar. You simply smile and turn away. Sometimes I think you are too gay, smiling and smiling, hour after hour. You don’t listen to what I say. You simply smile and turn away.Wondered Knob-Cracker at Stout-Heart: ‘Are you timed by your will, does your pulse List credit, ready to slam like a till? Can you keep it up?’ Growled Beard Splitter to Smug: ‘Your forces delay, bibbing at Northern walls While snow drives rifts between, barring the way. I am sufficient.’ Pleaded Knob-Cracker with Fail-Safe: ‘You’ve boarded at last, your hands in your pockets, Hat on the back of your head and flags up the mast. Can’t I come with you?’ Nodded Beard-Splitter to Sorrowful: ‘The islands are prisons and no one returns, No power or possessions where my rule is. I will make you mine.’The birds have flown their summer skies to the south, And the flower-money is drying in the banks of bent grass Which the bumble bee has abandoned. We wait for a winter lion, Body of ice-crystals and sombrero of dead leaves. A month ago, from the salt engines of the sea, A machinery of early storms rolled toward the holiday houses Where summer still dozed in the pool-side chairs, sipping An aging whiskey of distances and departures. Now the long freight of autumn goes smoking out of the land. My possibles are all packed up, but still I do not leave. I am happy enough here, where Dakota drifts wild in the universe, Where the prairie is starting to shake in the surf of the winter dark.(for my daughter)    Composed in a shine of laughing, Monique brings in sacks of groceries, unloads them, straightens, and stretches her back. The child was a girl, the girl is a woman; the shift    is subtle and absolute, worn like a gift. The woman, once girl once child, now is deft in her ease,    is door to the forum, is cutter of keys. In space that her torque and lift have prefigured and set free    between her mother and her child the woman stands    having emptied her hands.I tell you, hopeless grief is passionless;  That only men incredulous of despair,  Half-taught in anguish, through the midnight air  Beat upward to God’s throne in loud access  Of shrieking and reproach. Full desertness,  In souls as countries, lieth silent-bare  Under the blanching, vertical eye-glare  Of the absolute heavens. Deep-hearted man, express  Grief for thy dead in silence like to death—  Most like a monumental statue set  In everlasting watch and moveless woe  Till itself crumble to the dust beneath.  Touch it; the marble eyelids are not wet:  If it could weep, it could arise and go.Surfaces serve their own purposes, strive to remain constant (all lives want that). There is a skin, not just on peaches but on oceans (note the telltale slough of foam on beaches). Sometimes it’s loose, as in the case of cats: you feel how a second life slides under it. Sometimes it fits. Take glass. Sometimes it outlasts its underside. Take reefs. The private lives of surfaces are innocent, not devious. Take the one-dimensional belief of enamel in itself, the furious autonomy of luster (crush a pearl— it’s powder), the whole curious seamlessness of how we’re each surrounded and what it doesn’t teach.For a saving grace, we didn't see our dead, Who rarely bothered coming home to die But simply stayed away out there In the clean war, the war in the air. Seldom the ghosts come back bearing their tales Of hitting the earth, the incompressible sea, But stayed up there in the relative wind, Shades fading in the mind, Who had no graves but only epitaphs Where never so many spoke for never so few: Per ardua, said the partisans of Mars, Per aspera, to the stars. That was the good war, the war we won As if there was no death, for goodness's sake. With the help of the losers we left out there In the air, in the empty air.Guarda mi disse, le feroce Erine    Let us come upon him first as if in a dream, anonymous triple presence, memory made substance and tally of heart’s rot: then in the waking Now be demonstrable, seem sole aspect of being’s essence, coffin to the living touch, self’s Iscariot. Then he will loath the year’s recurrent long caress without hope of divorce, envying idiocy’s apathy or the stress of definite remorse. He will lapse into a halflife lest the taut force of the mind’s eagerness recall those fiends or new apparitions endorse his excessive distress. He will shrink, his manhood leave him, slough selfaware the last skin of the flayed: despair. He will nurse his terror carefully, uncertain even of death’s solace, impotent to outpace dispersion of the soul, disruption of the brain.Nothing substance utters or time stills and restrains joins design and supple measure deftly as thought’s intricate polyphonic score dovetails with the tread sensuous things keep in our consciousness. Celebrate man’s craft and the word spoken in shapeless night, the sharp tool paring away waste and the forms cut out of mystery! When taut string’s note passes ears’ reach or red rays or violet fade, strong over unseen forces the word ranks and enumerates... mimes clouds condensed and hewn hills and bristling forests, steadfast corn in its season and the seasons in their due array, life of man’s own body and death... ; ; ;    The sound thins into melody, discourse narrowing, craft failing, design petering out. Ears heavy to breeze of speech and thud of the ictus.Body my house my horse my hound    what will I do when you are fallen Where will I sleep    How will I ride    What will I hunt Where can I go without my mount    all eager and quick    How will I know    in thicket ahead is danger or treasure    when Body my good    bright dog is dead How will it be to lie in the sky without roof or door    and wind for an eye With cloud for shift    how will I hide?What are we bound for? What’s the yield Of all this energy and waste? Why do we spend ourselves and build With such an empty haste? Wherefore the bravery we boast? How can we spend one laughing breath When at the end all things are lost In ignorance and death? . . . The stars have found a blazing course In a vast curve that cuts through space; Enough for us to feel that force Swinging us through the days. Enough that we have strength to sing And fight and somehow scorn the grave; That Life’s too bold and bright a thing To question or to save.I never knew the earth had so much gold— The fields run over with it, and this hill Hoary and old, Is young with buoyant blooms that flame and thrill. Such golden fires, such yellow—lo, how good This spendthrift world, and what a lavish God! This fringe of wood, Blazing with buttercup and goldenrod. You too, beloved, are changed. Again I see Your face grow mystical, as on that night You turned to me, And all the trembling world—and you—were white. Aye, you are touched; your singing lips grow dumb; The fields absorb you, color you entire . . . And you become A goddess standing in a world of fire!Even in fortunate times, The nectar is spiked with woe. Gods are incorrigibly Capricious, and the needy Beg in Nineveh or sleep In paper-gusting plazas Of the New World’s shopping malls. Meantime, the tyrant battens On conquest, while advisers, Angling for preferment, seek Expedient paths. Heartbroken, The faithful advocate looks Back on cities of the plain And trudges into exile. And if any era thrives, It’s only because, somewhere, In a plane tree’s shade, friends sketch The dust with theorems and proofs, Or because, instinctively, A man puts his arm around The shoulder of grief and walks It (for an hour or an age) Through all its tears and telling.Three people drinking out of the bottle in the living room. A cold rain. Quiet as a mirror. One of the men stuffs his handkerchief in his coat, climbs the stairs with the girl. The other man is left sitting at the desk with the wine and the headache, turning an old Ellington side over in his mind. And over. He held her like a saxophone when she was his girl. Her tongue trembling at the reed. The man lying next to her now thinks of another woman. Her white breath idling before he drove off. He said something about a spell, watching the snow fall on her shoulders. The musician crawls back into his horn, ancient terrapin at the approach of the wheel.The Goddess who created this passing world Said Let there be lightbulbs & liquefaction Life spilled out onto the street, colors whirled Cars & the variously shod feet were born And the past & future & I born too Light as airmail paper away she flew To Annapurna or Mt. McKinley Or both but instantly Clarified, composed, forever was I Meant by her to recognize a painting As beautiful or a movie stunning And to adore the finitude of words And understand as surfaces my dreams Know the eye the organ of affection And depths to be inflections Of her voice & wrist & smileAnd now, the horse is entering    the sea, and the sea ; ; ; ; ; ;  holds it.    Where are we? Behind us,    the beach, ; ; ;  yes, its scrim, ; ; yes, of ; ; ; ;   grass, dune, sky—Desire goes by, and though it’s wind of course making    the grass bend, ; ; ; ; ;unbend, we say    it’s desire again, passing us by, souveniring us with    gospel the grass, turned choir, leans into, ; ; ; ; ;   Coming— Lord, soon.Have you dug the spill Of Sugar Hill? Cast your gims On this sepia thrill: Brown sugar lassie, Caramel treat, Honey-gold baby Sweet enough to eat. Peach-skinned girlie, Coffee and cream, Chocolate darling Out of a dream. Walnut tinted Or cocoa brown, Pomegranate-lipped Pride of the town. Rich cream-colored To plum-tinted black, Feminine sweetness In Harlem’s no lack. Glow of the quince To blush of the rose. Persimmon bronze To cinnamon toes. Blackberry cordial, Virginia Dare wine— All those sweet colors Flavor Harlem of mine! Walnut or cocoa, Let me repeat: Caramel, brown sugar, A chocolate treat. Molasses taffy, Coffee and cream, Licorice, clove, cinnamon To a honey-brown dream. Ginger, wine-gold, Persimmon, blackberry, All through the spectrum Harlem girls vary— So if you want to know beauty’s Rainbow-sweet thrill, Stroll down luscious, Delicious, fine Sugar Hill.When fishes flew and forests walked    And figs grew upon thorn, Some moment when the moon was blood    Then surely I was born. With monstrous head and sickening cry    And ears like errant wings, The devil’s walking parody    On all four-footed things. The tattered outlaw of the earth,    Of ancient crooked will; Starve, scourge, deride me: I am dumb,    I keep my secret still. Fools! For I also had my hour;    One far fierce hour and sweet: There was a shout about my ears,    And palms before my feet.A mountainous and mystic brute No rein can curb, no arrow shoot, Upon whose doomed deformed back I sweep the planets’ scorching track. Old is the elf, and wise, men say, His hair grows green as ours grows grey; He mocks the stars with myriad hands, High as that swinging forest stands. But though in pigmy wanderings dull I scour the deserts of his skull, I never find the face, eyes, teeth, Lowering or laughing underneath. I met my foe in an empty dell, His face in the sun was naked hell. I thought, ‘One silent, bloody blow, No priest would curse, no crowd would know.’ Then cowered: a daisy, half concealed, Watched for the fame of that poor field; And in that flower and suddenly Earth opened its one eye on me.The twilight is the morning of his day. ;  While Sleep drops seaward from the fading shore,    With purpling sail and dip of silver oar,    He cheers the shadowed time with roundelay, Until the dark east softens into gray.    Now as the noisy hours are coming—hark!    His song dies gently—it is growing dark— His night, with its one star, is on the way! Faintly the light breaks over the blowing oats—    Sleep, little brother, sleep: I am astir.    We worship Song, and servants are of her— I in the bright hours, thou in shadow-time:    Lead thou the starlit night with merry notes,    And I will lead the clamoring day with rhyme.The builder who first bridged Niagara’s gorge, Before he swung his cable, shore to shore,    Sent out across the gulf his venturing kite    Bearing a slender cord for unseen hands    To grasp upon the further cliff and draw A greater cord, and then a greater yet;    Till at the last across the chasm swung    The cable then the mighty bridge in air! So we may send our little timid thought    Across the void, out to God’s reaching hands— Send out our love and faith to thread the deep— Thought after thought until the little cord Has greatened to a chain no chance can break, And we are anchored to the Infinite!I would my soul were like the bird    That dares the vastness undeterred.    Look, where the bluebird on the bough    Breaks into rapture even now!    He sings, tip-top, the tossing elm    As tho he would a world o’erwhelm.    Indifferent to the void he rides    Upon the wind’s eternal tides. He tosses gladly on the gale, For well he knows he can not fail— Knows if the bough breaks, still his wings    Will bear him upward while he sings!He described her mouth as full of ashes. So when he kissed her finally he was thinking about ashes and the blacker rim just below the edge of the ashtray, and the faint dark rim that outlined her lips, and the lips themselves, at the limit of another darkness, farther and far more interior. Then the way the red, paling, just outside those lines caught fire and the pages caught soon after that. Slowly at first, but then all at once at the scalloped brown corners of each; like the ruff of an offended and darkening bird, extended, then folded in on itself; multiple, stiffening, gone.To you born into violence, the wars of the red ant are nothing; you, in the heart of the eruption. I am speaking from immeasurable grass blades. You, there on the rubble, what is the river of vapor to you? You who are helpless as small birds downed on the ice pack. You who are spoiled as commercial fruit by the medfly. To you the machine guns. To you the semen of fire, the birth of the maggot in the corpse. You, to whom we send these gifts; at the heart of light we are crushed together. When the sun dies we will become one.I wore a large brim hat like the women in the ads. How thin I was: such skin. Yes. It was Indianapolis; a taste of sin. You had a natural Afro; no money for a haircut. We were in the seedy part; the buildings all run-down; the record shop, the jazz impeccable. We moved like the blind, relying on our touch. At the corner coffee shop, after an hour’s play, with our serious game on paper, the waitress asked us to move on. It wasn’t much. Oh mortal love, your bones were beautiful. I traced them with my fingers. Now the light grows less. You were so angular. The air darkens with steel and smoke. The cracked world about to disintegrate, in the arms of my total happiness.In the longer view it doesn’t matter. However, it’s that having lived, it matters. So that every death breaks you apart. You find yourself weeping at the door of your own kitchen, overwhelmed by loss. And you find yourself weeping as you pass the homeless person head in hands resigned on a cement step, the wire basket on wheels right there. Like stopped film, or a line of Vallejo, or a sketch of the mechanics of a wing by Leonardo. All pauses in space, a violent compression of meaning in an instant within the meaningless. Even staring into the dim shapes at the farthest edge; accepting that blur.Be glad your nose is on your face, not pasted on some other place, for if it were where it is not, you might dislike your nose a lot. Imagine if your precious nose were sandwiched in between your toes, that clearly would not be a treat, for you’d be forced to smell your feet. Your nose would be a source of dread were it attached atop your head, it soon would drive you to despair, forever tickled by your hair. Within your ear, your nose would be an absolute catastrophe, for when you were obliged to sneeze, your brain would rattle from the breeze. Your nose, instead, through thick and thin, remains between your eyes and chin, not pasted on some other place— be glad your nose is on your face!It appeared inside our classroom at a quarter after ten, it gobbled up the blackboard, three erasers and a pen. It gobbled teacher's apple and it bopped her with the core. “How dare you!” she responded. “You must leave us . . . there's the door.” The Creature didn't listen but described an arabesque as it gobbled all her pencils, seven notebooks and her desk. Teacher stated very calmly, “Sir! You simply cannot stay, I'll report you to the principal unless you go away!” But the thing continued eating, it ate paper, swallowed ink, as it gobbled up our homework I believe I saw it wink. Teacher finally lost her temper. “OUT!” she shouted at the creature. The creature hopped beside her and GLOPP . . . it gobbled teacher.Life, like a marble block, is given to all, A blank, inchoate mass of years and days, Whence one with ardent chisel swift essays Some shape of strength or symmetry to call; One shatters it in bits to mend a wall; One in a craftier hand the chisel lays, And one, to wake the mirth in Lesbia’s gaze, Carves it apace in toys fantastical. But least is he who, with enchanted eyes Filled with high visions of fair shapes to be, Muses which god he shall immortalize In the proud Parian’s perpetuity, Till twilight warns him from the punctual skies That the night cometh wherein none shall see.Madison, Wisconsin, 1996    Here is a genial congregation, well fed and rosy with health and appetite, robust children in tow. They have come and all the generations of them, to be fed, their old ones too who are eligible now for a small discount, having lived to a ripe age. Over the heaped and steaming plates, one by one, heads bow, eyes close; the blessings are said. Here there is good will; here peace on earth, among the leafy greens, among the fruits of the gardens of America's heartland. Here is abundance, here is the promised land of milk and honey, out of which a flank of the fatted calf, thick still on its socket and bone, rises like a benediction over the loaves of bread and the little fishes, belly-up in butter.The mountains carry snow, the season fails. Jackstraw clapboard shivers on its nails, the freezing air blows maple leaves and dust, a thousand nails bleed laceries of rust, slates crack and slide away, the gutters sprout. I wonder: do a dead man’s bones come out like these old lintels and wasp-riddled beams? I ask in simple consequence of structure seen in this old house, grown sturdy in its fall, the brace and bone of it come clear of all I took for substance, what I could not prove from any measure of design or love. Or is it rather that he falls away to no articulation but decay, however brightly leap the brass-hinged bone, beam and rafter, joist and cellar-stone?The tide’s a Bach cantata. The beach is the swollen neck of Isaac. The tide’s a lamentation of white opals. The beach is free. The Coke machine rusted out. Here is everything you’ll never need: hemp-cords, curry-combs, jade and musk,    a porcelain cup blown into the desert— stockings that walked to Syria in 1915. On the rocks some ewes and rams    graze in the outer dark. The manes of the shoreline undo your hair.    A sapphire ring is fingerless. The weed and algae are floating like a bed,    and the bloodless gulls— whose breaths would stink of all of us    if we could kiss them on the beaks— are gnawing on the dead.In the mud of a tire rut, ; ;we were the filaments. We said if Mrs. Agnew could make music ; ;   on Spiro’s flute we said the clubs in the hands of the Chicago cops ; ;   would liquefy. The trees shook with the throb of steel. What did we do to be so red, white, and blue? We were inexorable ; ;like the dialectic unraveling from Hanoi ; ; ; ;  to the Jacksonian grass. We were the inebriates of vitamin C and cocaine,    the daughters of the gray flannel suit. And when the shaman spread his yellow robe like the sun    he was all teeth and amp and what were we?Lying in bed I think about you, your ugly empty airless apartment and your eyes. It’s noon, and tired I look into the rest of the awake day incapable of even awe, just a presence of particle and wave, just that closed and deliberate human observance. Your thin fingers and the dissolution of all ability. Lay    open now to only me that white body, and I will, as the awkward butterfly, land quietly upon you. A grace and staying. A sight and ease. A spell entangled. A span. I am inside you. And so both projected, we are now part of a garden, that is part of a    landscape, that is part of a world that no one believes in.When the most intense revivals swept the mountains just a century ago, participants described the shouts and barks in unknown tongues, the jerks of those who tried to climb the walls, the holy dance and laugh. But strangest are reports of what was called the holy cuss. Sometimes a man who spoke in tongues and leapt for joy would break into an avalanche of cursing that would stun with brilliance and duration. Those that heard would say the holy spirit spoke as from a whirlwind. Words burned on the air like chains of dynamite. The listeners felt transfigured, and felt true contact and true presence then, as if the shock of unfamiliar and blasphemous profanity broke through beyond the reach of prayer and song and hallo to answer heaven's anger with its echo.Put my glad rags in a cardboard box— This old jiggerboo never grew mature. Is everthing in its place except me? Don’t be surprised; I called all day And the only person I could reach was The operator; and it’s a sorry day when Nothing is coming down but your foot. And how deep is your stomach cause That’s how far your heart will fall! When I’m gone I might come back cause I’m always forgetting something special. A crease in my overalls, my collar stiff, I cried as many tears as I have teeth. And I only got two in my mouth. Son of the Sun look out: as you get black you burn. Is everything in its place except me?Who knows but that Meriwether Lewis’s    lost diaries might turn up yet packed in a can in some cramped ex-midden    dug up a thousand years from now,    that elegant, exfoliate style continue on up the Missouri, into sadness and disrepute, the suicide in a hotel in Tennessee    no more important now than the bundle    of grasses my friend made out in the woods    yesterday and gave to me after a meeting    in which she confessed she’s afraid of everything    that’s coming. The past I don’t mind, she said,    and laughed as if that was something.(SUGGESTED INSCRIPTION PROBABLY NOT SUGGESTED BY THE COMMITTEE)    The hucksters haggle in the mart The cars and carts go by; Senates and schools go droning on; For dead things cannot die. A storm stooped on the place of tombs With bolts to blast and rive; But these be names of many men The lightning found alive. If usurers rule and rights decay And visions view once more Great Carthage like a golden shell Gape hollow on the shore, Still to the last of crumbling time Upon this stone be read How many men of England died To prove they were not dead.After one moment when I bowed my head And the whole world turned over and came upright, And I came out where the old road shone white. I walked the ways and heard what all men said, Forests of tongues, like autumn leaves unshed, Being not unlovable but strange and light; Old riddles and new creeds, not in despite But softly, as men smile about the dead The sages have a hundred maps to give That trace their crawling cosmos like a tree, They rattle reason out through many a sieve That stores the sand and lets the gold go free: And all these things are less than dust to me Because my name is Lazarus and I live.My mind is like a clamorous market-place.    All day in wind, rain, sun, its babel wells;    Voice answering to voice in tumult swells.   Chaffering and laughing, pushing for a place, My thoughts haste on, gay, strange, poor, simple, base;    This one buys dust, and that a bauble sells:    But none to any scrutiny hints or tells The haunting secrets hidden in each sad face. The clamour quietens when the dark draws near;    Strange looms the earth in twilight of the West,   Lonely with one sweet star serene and clear,    Dwelling, when all this place is hushed to rest,    On vacant stall, gold, refuse, worst and best,   Abandoned utterly in haste and fear.See this house, how dark it is 
Beneath its vast-boughed trees! 
Not one trembling leaflet cries 
To that Watcher in the skies—
‘Remove, remove thy searching gaze, 
Innocent of heaven’s ways, 
Brood not, Moon, so wildly bright, 
On secrets hidden from sight.’
‘Secrets,’ sighs the night-wind, 
‘Vacancy is all I find;
Every keyhole I have made
Wails a summons, faint and sad, 
No voice ever answers me, ; Only vacancy.’
‘Once, once … ’ the cricket shrills, 
And far and near the quiet fills 
With its tiny voice, and then ; Hush falls again.
Mute shadows creeping slow
Mark how the hours go.
Every stone is mouldering slow. 
And the least winds that blow 
Some minutest atom shake,
Some fretting ruin make
In roof and walls. How black it is 
Beneath these thick boughed trees!her grandmother called her from the playground ; ; “yes, ma’am” ;   “i want chu to learn how to make rolls” said the old    woman proudly but the little girl didn’t want to learn how because she knew even if she couldn’t say it that that would mean when the old one died she would be less    dependent on her spirit so she said ;   “i don’t want to know how to make no rolls” with her lips poked out and the old woman wiped her hands on her apron saying “lord ;   these children” and neither of them ever said what they meant and i guess nobody ever doesThe easiest sadness is a boy Watching another boy Walk with a barefooted girl, clean Perfect feet, that kind of nose, Eyes like those he’s dreamed In the dream that comes back. A boy watching another boy lucky Gets an ache That is a small motor. In me there is an animal, And in that animal There is a hunger. I remember the boy Watching a boy. It was me. Watching, I was a little bit The boy walking. I was both of us. That’s how it felt. What I could not have, That’s what I was Inside, an ache Coming as I stood Too many places.The country lies flat, expressionless as the face of a stranger.    Not one hillock shelters a buried bone. The city: a scene thin as a theater backdrop, where no doors open,    no streets extend beyond the view from the corner. Only the railroad embankment is high, shaggy with grass.    Only the freight, knuckling a red sun under its wheels,    drags familiar box-car shapes down long perspectives    of childhood meals and all crossings at sunset. With a look deep as the continent, with the casual greeting    of those who will meet again, it bestrides the viaduct.    Its span is the span of trestles above mountain gorges,    its roar the echo of streams still wearing away stone.Out of a high meadow where flowers bloom above cloud, come down; pursue me with reasons for smiling without malice. Bring mimic pride like that of the seedling fir, surprise in the perfect leg-stems and queries unstirred by recognition or fear pooled in the deep eyes. Come down by regions where rocks lift through the hot haze of pain; down landscapes darkened, crossed by the rift of death-shock; place print of a neat hoof on trampled ground where not one leaf or root remains unbitten; but come down always, accompany me to the morass of the decaying mind. There we’ll share one rotted stump between us.At dawn I heard among bird calls the billions of marching feet in the churn and squeak of gravel, even tiny feet still wet from the mother's amniotic fluid, and very old halting feet, the feet of the very light and very heavy, all marching but not together, criss-crossing at every angle with sincere attempts not to touch, not to bump into each other, walking in the doors of houses and out the back door forty years later, finally knowing that time collapses on a single plateau where they were all their lives, knowing that time stops when the heart stops as they walk off the earth into the night air.A faint smell of urine embroidering that bouquet of mold the big cushions    give off days the fog won’t lift, and a shelf of bone growing out over the eyelids like evening’s shadow    across a field of corn— The whole parade leaking out from your shoulders, bequeathing    to the groin a pang of distance; then that metallic taste in the mouth    and a voice you had let yourself believe    was dead close now by your ear, intimate and sweet: ; ; ; ; ; ; ;Well, well, well,    look what we have here.Luxurious man, to bring his vice in use,  Did after him the world seduce,
And from the fields the flowers and plants allure,  Where nature was most plain and pure. 
He first enclosed within the gardens square  A dead and standing pool of air,
And a more luscious earth for them did knead,   Which stupified them while it fed.
The pink grew then as double as his mind;   The nutriment did change the kind.
With strange perfumes he did the roses taint,  And flowers themselves were taught to paint. 
The tulip, white, did for complexion seek,  And learned to interline its cheek:
Its onion root they then so high did hold,   That one was for a meadow sold.
Another world was searched, through oceans new,   To find the Marvel of Peru.simmers on the kitchen stove. All afternoon dense kernels surrender to the fertile juices, their tender bellies swelling with delight. In the yard we plant rhubarb, cauliflower, and artichokes, cupping wet earth over tubers, our labor the germ of later sustenance and renewal. Across the field the sound of a baby crying as we carry in the last carrots, whorls of butter lettuce, a basket of red potatoes. I want to remember us this way— late September sun streaming through the window, bread loaves and golden bunches of grapes on the table, spoonfuls of hot soup rising to our lips, filling us with what endures.I. The Day Dreamers All day all over the city every person Wanders a different city, sealed intact And haunted as the abandoned subway stations    Under the city. Where is my alley doorway? Stone gable, brick escarpment, cliffs of crystal.    Where is my terraced street above the harbor,    Café and hidden workshop, house of love? Webbed vault, tiled blackness. Where is my park, the path Through conifers, my iron bench, a shiver    Of ivy and margin birch above the traffic?    A voice. There is a mountain and a wood Between us—A girl who, in 1971, when I was living by myself, painfully lonely, bereft, depressed, offhandedly mentioned to me in a conversation with some friends that although at first she’d found me— I can’t remember the term, some dated colloquialism signifying odd, unacceptable, out-of-things— she’d decided that I was after all all right ... twelve years later she comes back to me from nowhere and I realize that it wasn’t my then irrepressible, unselective, incessant sexual want she meant, which, when we’d been introduced, I’d naturally aimed at her and which she’d easily deflected, but that she’d thought I really was, in myself, the way I looked and spoke and acted, what she was saying, creepy, weird, whatever, and I am taken with a terrible humiliation.Thanksgiving, dark of the moon. Nothing down here in the underworld but vague shapes and black holes,    Heaven resplendent but virtual Above me, ; ; ; ; trees stripped and triple-wired like Irish harps.    Lights on Pantops and Free Bridge mirror the eastern sky.    Under the bridge is the river, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;    the red Rivanna. Under the river’s redemption, it says in the book,    It says in the book,Through water and fire the whole place becomes purified,    The visible by the visible, the hidden by what is hidden.1. Morning of Crystal This is the deathless body, and this the land’s blood … and here the wine-laced sky over Iowa resembles a heavenly parfait. In one more day Des Moines will be diapered by first snow. A young girl, barely real, glazes the sidewalk with a stupid look. Iowa in winter always dumbfounds the love in us. Before long, nothing opposes the weight and resolution of this sky, this wilderness of earth hardening. When heaviness strikes like a clock glowing incandescently, the season opens to itself, as if a familiar stunt in a traveling show, a fabulation only a touched young girl can devise for any new world. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  Des Moines. November 19732. Cooking the ColdThe victorious army marches into the city, & not far behind tarries a throng of women Who slept with the enemy on the edge Of battlements. The stunned morning Opens into a dust cloud of hooves & drums. Some new priests cradle Stone tablets, & others are poised With raised mallets in a forest of defeated Statuary. Of course, behind them Linger the turncoats & pious Merchants of lime. What’s Greek Is forged into Roman; what’s Roman Is hammered into a ceremony of birds Headed east. Whatever is marble Burns in the lime kilns because Someone dreams of a domed bathhouse.Zeus always introduces himself    As one who needs stitching    Back together with kisses.    Like a rock star in leather & sapphires—conflagration & a trick of silk falling Between lost chances & never    Again. His disguises are almost Mathematical, as Io & Europa    Pass from their dreams into his.    This lord of storm clouds Is also a sun god crooning desire & dalliance in a garden of nymphs. Some days, he loves gloxinia, & others, craves garlic blooms— Hera, Aegina, & Callisto in the same song.Here, in the withered arbor, like the arrested wind,    Straight sides, carven knees, Stands the statue, with hands flung out in alarm    Or remonstrances. Over the lintel sway the woven bracts of the vine    In a pattern of angles. The quill of the fountain falters, woods rake on the sky    Their brusque tangles. The birds walk by slowly, circling the marble girl,    The golden quails, The pheasants, closed up in their arrowy wings,    Dragging their sharp tails. The inquietudes of the sap and of the blood are spent.    What is forsaken will rest. But her heel is lifted,—she would flee,—the whistle of the birds    Fails on her breast.My change: a nickel caked with finger grime;
two nicked quarters not long for this life, worth
more for keeping dead eyes shut than bus fare;
a dime, shining in sunshine like a new dime;
grubby pennies, one stamped the year of my birth,
no brighter than I from 40 years of wear.
What purses, piggy banks, and window sills
have these coins known, their presidential heads
pinched into what beggar's chalky palm--
they circulate like tarnished red blood cells,
all of us exchanging the merest film
of our lives, and the lives of those long dead.
And now my turn in the convenience store,
I hand over my fist of change, still warm,
to the bored, lip-pierced check-out girl, once more
to be spun down cigarette machines, hurled
in fountains, flipped for luck--these dirty charms
chiming in the dark pockets of the world.When snow like sheep lay in the fold And winds went begging at each door, And the far hills were blue with cold, And a cold shroud lay on the moor, She kept the siege. And every day We watched her brooding over death Like a strong bird above its prey. The room filled with the kettle’s breath. Damp curtains glued against the pane Sealed time away. Her body froze As if to freeze us all, and chain Creation to a stunned repose. She died before the world could stir. In March the ice unloosed the brook And water ruffled the sun’s hair. Dead cones upon the alder shook.It seems I get by on more luck than sense, not the kind brought on by knuckle to wood, breath on dice, or pennies found in the mud. I shimmy and slip by on pure fool chance. At turns charmed and cursed, a girl knows romance as coffee, red wine, and books; solitude she counts as daylight virtue and muted evenings, the inventory of absence. But this is no sorry spinster story, just the way days string together a life. Sometimes I eat soup right out of the pan. Sometimes I don’t care if I will marry. I dance in my kitchen on Friday nights, singing like only a lucky girl can.There is little I can do besides stoop to pluck them one by one from the ground, their roots all weak links, this hoard of Lazaruses popping up at night, not the Heavenly Blue so like silk handkerchiefs, nor the Giant White so timid in the face of the moon, but poor relations who visit then stay. They sleep in my garden. Each morning I evict them. Each night more arrive, their leaves small, green shrouds, reminding me the mother root waits deep underground and I dig but will never find her and her children will inherit all that I’ve cleared when she holds me tighter and tighter in her arms.That year there were many deaths in the village. Germs flew like angels from one house to the next and every family gave up its own. Mothers died at their mending. Children fell at school. Of three hundred twenty, there were eleven left. Then, quietly, the sun set on a day when no one died. And the angels whispered among themselves. And that evening, as he sat on the stone steps, your grandfather felt a small wind on his neck when all the trees were still. And he would tell us always, how he had felt that night, on the skin of his own neck, the angels, passing.We drove through the gates into a maze of little roads, with speed bumps now, that circled a pavilion, field house, and ran past the playing fields and wound their way up to the cluster of wood and stone buildings of the school you went to once. The green was returning to the trees and lawn, the lake was still half-lidded with ice and blind in the middle. There was nobody around except a few cars in front of the administration. It must have been spring break. We left without ever getting out of the car. You were quiet that night, the next day, the way after heavy rain that the earth cannot absorb, the water lies in pools in unexpected places for days until it disappears.My father scolded us all for refusing his liquor. He kept buying tequila, and steak for the grill, until finally we joined him, making margaritas, cutting the fat off the bone. When he saw how we drank, my sister shredding the black labels into her glass while his remaining grandchildren dragged their thin bunk bed mattresses first out to the lawn to play then farther up the field to sleep next to her, I think it was then he changed, something in him died. He's gentler now, quiet, losing weight though every night he eats the same ice cream he always ate only now he's not drinking, he doesn't fall asleep with the spoon in his hand, he waits for my mother to come lie down with him.They sit together on the porch, the dark Almost fallen, the house behind them dark. Their supper done with, they have washed and dried The dishes–only two plates now, two glasses, Two knives, two forks, two spoons–small work for two. She sits with her hands folded in her lap, At rest. He smokes his pipe. They do not speak, And when they speak at last it is to say What each one knows the other knows. They have One mind between them, now, that finally For all its knowing will not exactly know Which one goes first through the dark doorway, bidding Goodnight, and which sits on a while alone.Your mother called it "doing the pressing," and you know now how right she was. There is something urgent here. Not even the hiss under each button or the yellow business ground in at the neck can make one instant of this work seem unimportant. You've been taught to turn the pocket corners and pick out the dark lint that collects there. You're tempted to leave it, but the old lessons go deeper than habits. Everyone else is asleep. The odor of sweat rises when you do under the armpits, the owner's particular smell you can never quite wash out. You'll stay up. You'll have your way, the final stroke and sharpness down the long sleeves, a truly permanent edge.This dog standing in the middle of the street, tail stiff, fur bushy with fear, and a pedigree rabbit, its neck broken and bleeding beneath his paws, might have been forgiven or simply taken away and shot under different circumstances and no one would have said much, except his owner who’d gone out into the yard at the start of the commotion, having been involved at other times with the dog’s truancies, and yelled, “Bosco, Bosco, goddamnit!” but unavailing, and everyone understanding that once more Bosco had been taken over by the dark corner of his nature. But this other sentiment we shared as well: the man Who’d raised the rabbit shouldn’t husband something so rare and beautiful he couldn’t keep it from the likes of Bosco.The love we’ve defined for ourselves in privacy, in suffering, keeps both of us lonely as a fist, but does intimacy mean a happy ending? I’m afraid of marriage. Driving past them at night, the shadows on a drawn curtain hide terrible lives: a father stuck in a job, his daughter opening her blouse to strangers. And your hands, for example, like a warm liquid on my face don’t evaporate as you take them away. Nor are our betrayals silent, although we listen only in passing. We’re learning how to walk unlit streets, to see threats instead of trees, the right answer to a teenager opening his knife. The answer is yes. Always we couldn’t do otherwise.They slept and ate like us. Feral they were not. The intricacy of their handiwork bespoke a fineness we’d be taught. Yet we wiped them out. It was eerily easy to do, although they knew we were coming and knew we knew they knew. Not only did they not resist our guns like bloody hacking coughs in their libraries and hospitals, their bedrooms and their schools— they would not acknowledge us. We felt like fools. There was no keening. Even the children did not cry. It was as if meaning inhered so deeply in their daily lives we could not touch it; nor would they quit living to be slaughtered, it was so inviolate.Letters swallow themselves in seconds.    Notes friends tied to the doorknob,    transparent scarlet paper, sizzle like moth wings, marry the air. So much of any year is flammable,    lists of vegetables, partial poems.    Orange swirling flame of days,    so little is a stone. Where there was something and suddenly isn’t,    an absence shouts, celebrates, leaves a space.    I begin again with the smallest numbers. Quick dance, shuffle of losses and leaves,    only the things I didn’t do    crackle after the blazing dies.Spun silk of mercy, long-limbed afternoon, sun urging purple blossoms from baked stems.    What better blessing than to move without hurry    under trees? Lugging a bucket to the rose that became a twining    house by now, roof and walls of vine— you could live inside this rose. Pouring a slow stream around the ancient pineapple crowned with spiky fruit,    I thought we would feel old by the year 2000. Walt Disney thought cars would fly. What a drama to keep thinking the last summer    the last birthdayThe Visconti put you on their flag: a snake devouring a child, or are you throwing up a man feet first? Some snakes hunt frogs, some freedom of will. There’s good in you: a man can count years on your skin. Generously, you mother and father a stolen boy, to the chosen you offer your cake of figs. A goiter on my neck, you lick my ear with lies, yet I must listen, smile and kiss your cheek or you may swallow the child completely. In Milan there is a triptych, the throned Virgin in glory, placed on the marble below, a dead naked man and a giant dead frog of human scale on its back. There’s hope! My eyes look into the top of my head at the wreath of snakes that sometimes crowns me.Today in Rome, heading down Michelangelo’s Spanish Steps, under an unchanging moon, I held on to the balustrade, grateful for his giving me a hand. All for love, I stumbled over the past as if it were my own feet. Here, in my twenties, I was lost in love and poetry. Along the Tiber, I made up Cubist Shakespearean games. (In writing, even in those days, I cannot say it was popular to have “subjects” any more than painters used sitters. But I did.) I played with an ignorant mirror for an audience: my self, embroiled with personae from Antony and Cleopatra. Delusions of grandeur! They were for a time my foul-weather friends— as once I played with soldiers on the mountainous countryside of a purple blanket. 2002Science! true daughter of Old Time thou art!    Who alterest all things with thy peering eyes. Why preyest thou thus upon the poet’s heart,    Vulture, whose wings are dull realities? How should he love thee? or how deem thee wise,    Who wouldst not leave him in his wandering To seek for treasure in the jewelled skies,    Albeit he soared with an undaunted wing? Hast thou not dragged Diana from her car,    And driven the Hamadryad from the wood To seek a shelter in some happier star?    Hast thou not torn the Naiad from her flood, The Elfin from the green grass, and from me The summer dream beneath the tamarind tree?Gaily bedight,    A gallant knight, In sunshine and in shadow, ; Had journeyed long, ; Singing a song, In search of Eldorado.    But he grew old—    This knight so bold—   And o’er his heart a shadow— ; Fell as he found    No spot of ground That looked like Eldorado.    And, as his strength ; Failed him at length, He met a pilgrim shadow— ; ‘Shadow,’ said he, ; ‘Where can it be— This land of Eldorado?’    ‘Over the Mountains    Of the Moon, Down the Valley of the Shadow, ; Ride, boldly ride,’    The shade replied,— ‘If you seek for Eldorado!’Our embrace lasted too long. We loved right down to the bone. I hear the bones grind, I see our two skeletons. Now I am waiting till you leave, till the clatter of your shoes is heard no more. Now, silence. Tonight I am going to sleep alone on the bedclothes of purity. Aloneness is the first hygienic measure. Aloneness will enlarge the walls of the room, I will open the window and the large, frosty air will enter, healthy as tragedy. Human thoughts will enter and human concerns, misfortune of others, saintliness of others. They will converse softly and sternly. Do not come anymore. I am an animal very rarely.As a child I put my finger in the fire to become a saint. As a teenager every day I would knock my head against the wall. As a young girl I went out through a window of a garret to the roof in order to jump. As a woman I had lice all over my body. They cracked when I was ironing my sweater. I waited sixty minutes to be executed. I was hungry for six years. Then I bore a child, they were carving me without putting me to sleep. Then a thunderbolt killed me three times and I had to rise from the dead three times without anyone’s help. Now I am resting after three resurrections.Where I live ; distance is the primal fact The world is mostly ; far away and small Drifting along through cause and effect ; like sleep As when the distance ; unlikeliest of stems Bears the unlikely ; blossom of the wind Engendering our only weather ; dry Except in winter ; pine trees live on snow So greedy ; pulling down these drifts that bury The fences snap ; the trunks of smaller trees If the forest wants ; to go somewhere it spreads Like a prophecy ; its snow before it Technology ; a distant windy cause There is no philosophy ; of death where I live Only philosophies ; of sufferingYou perished, in a toyland, of surprise; and only I am here to bury you in dessicated tulip tips and eyes of broken diadie-dolls. Poor pink, poor blue! Will you be grown when I’m in Heaven too? Will length of death have turned you Classical like old Bisque faces, keen and sainted view, pearl on your breast, pearl-pointed linen shawl? No, you’ll still have your flowers with no stem, and harp, clear stringed, the blur of La Boheme. You’ll heap upon that Mansion’s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations, and pout the pillared City’s aberrations. You rest a Classic, but of Wedgewood’s Greece.It’s ripe, the melon by our sink. Yellow, bee-bitten, soft, it perfumes the house too sweetly. At five I wake, the air mournful in its quiet. My wife’s eyes swim calmly under their lids, her mouth and jaw relaxed, different. What is happening in the silence of this house? Curtains hang heavily from their rods. Ficus leaves tremble at my footsteps. Yet the colors outside are perfect-- orange geranium, blue lobelia. I wander from room to room like a man in a museum: wife, children, books, flowers, melon. Such still air. Soon the mid-morning breeze will float in like tepid water, then hot. How do I start this day, I who am unsure of how my life has happened or how to proceed amid this warm and steady sweetness?Tree, we take leave of you; you’re on your own. Put down your taproot with its probing hairs that sluice the darkness and create unseen the tree that mirrors you below the ground. For when we plant a tree, two trees take root: the one that lifts its leaves into the air, and the inverted one that cleaves the soil to find the runnel’s sweet, dull silver trace and spreads not up but down, each drop a leaf in the eternal blackness of that sky. The leaves you show uncurl like tiny fists and bear small button blossoms, greenish white, that quicken you. Now put your roots down deep; draw light from shadow, break in on earth’s sleep.Colorado turns Kyoto in a shower, mist in the pines so thick the crows delight (or seem to), winging in obscurity. The ineffectual panic of a squirrel who chattered at my passing gave me pause to watch his Ponderosa come and go— long needles scratching cloud. I’d summited but knew it only by the wildflower meadow, the muted harebells, paintbrush, gentian, scattered among the locoweed and sage. Today my grief abated like water soaking underground, its scar a little path of twigs and needles winding ahead of me downhill to the next bend. Today I let the rain soak through my shirt and was unharmed.While the long grain is softening in the water, gurgling over a low stove flame, before the salted Winter Vegetable is sliced for breakfast, before the birds, my mother glides an ivory comb through her hair, heavy and black as calligrapher’s ink. She sits at the foot of the bed. My father watches, listens for the music of comb against hair. My mother combs, pulls her hair back tight, rolls it around two fingers, pins it in a bun to the back of her head. For half a hundred years she has done this. My father likes to see it like this. He says it is kempt. But I know it is because of the way my mother’s hair falls when he pulls the pins out. Easily, like the curtains when they untie them in the evening.Her small body shines with water and light. Giggling, she squeals “daddy,” splashes until his pants darken. Five more minutes, he thinks, stepping out quickly, pouring himself a drink, not expecting to return to find her slipped under, her tiny face staring up through the undulating surface. Before he can move, or drop his scotch, she raises her dripping head, her mouth a perfect O. The sound of her gulped breath takes the wind out of him. Her face, pale and awed, understands the other side of water and air. His wife didn’t see, doesn’t know. Her feet pulse and fade in the upstairs joists. His daughter cries, slips from him, not giggling. She wants out. He tries to keep her in the tub, in the light. He’s on his knees.I thank you, kind and best beloved friend, 
With the same thanks one murmurs to a sister, 
When, for some gentle favor, he hath kissed her, 
Less for the gifts than for the love you send,
Less for the flowers, than what the flowers convey; 
If I, indeed, divine their meaning truly, 
And not unto myself ascribe, unduly,
Things which you neither meant nor wished to say, 
Oh! tell me, is the hope then all misplaced? 
And am I flattered by my own affection? 
But in your beauteous gift, methought I traced 
Something above a short-lived predilection, 
And which, for that I know no dearer name, 
I designate as love, without love’s flame.I scarcely grieve, O Nature! at the lot That pent my life within a city’s bounds, And shut me from thy sweetest sights and sounds. Perhaps I had not learned, if some lone cot Had nursed a dreamy childhood, what the mart Taught me amid its turmoil; so my youth Had missed full many a stern but wholesome truth. Here, too, O Nature! in this haunt of Art, Thy power is on me, and I own thy thrall. There is no unimpressive spot on earth! The beauty of the stars is over all, And Day and Darkness visit every hearth. Clouds do not scorn us: yonder factory’s smoke Looked like a golden mist when morning broke.Grief dies like joy; the tears upon my cheek 
Will disappear like dew. Dear God! I know 
Thy kindly Providence hath made it so,
And thank thee for the law. I am too weak 
To make a friend of Sorrow, or to wear, 
With that dark angel ever by my side
(Though to thy heaven there be no better guide), 
A front of manly calm. Yet, for I hear
How woe hath cleansed, how grief can deify,
So weak a thing it seems that grief should die, 
And love and friendship with it, I could pray, 
That if it might not gloom upon my brow, 
Nor weigh upon my arm as it doth now,
No grief of mine should ever pass away.They dub thee idler, smiling sneeringly, And why? because, forsooth, so many moons, Here dwelling voiceless by the voiceful sea, Thou hast not set thy thoughts to paltry tunes In song or sonnet. Them these golden noons Oppress not with their beauty; they could prate, Even while a prophet read the solemn runes On which is hanging some imperial fate. How know they, these good gossips, what to thee The ocean and its wanderers may have brought? How know they, in their busy vacancy, With what far aim thy spirit may be fraught? Or that thou dost not bow thee silently Before some great unutterable thought?A flower needs to be this size to conceal the winter window, and this color, the red of a Fiat with the top down, to impress us, dull as we've grown. Months ago the gigantic onion of a bulb half above the soil stuck out its green tongue and slowly, day by day, the flower itself entered our world, closed, like hands that captured a moth, then open, as eyes open, and the amaryllis, seeing us, was somehow undiscouraged. It stands before us now as we eat our soup; you pour a little of your drinking water into its saucer, and a few crumbs of fragrant earth fall onto the tabletop.Outside the house the wind is howling and the trees are creaking horribly. This is an old story with its old beginning, as I lay me down to sleep. But when I wake up, sunlight has taken over the room. You have already made the coffee and the radio brings us music from a confident age. In the paper bad news is set in distant places. Whatever was bound to happen in my story did not happen. But I know there are rules that cannot be broken. Perhaps a name was changed. A small mistake. Perhaps a woman I do not know is facing the day with the heavy heart that, by all rights, should have been mine.Anna Bell and Lane, eighty, make small leaf piles in the heat, each pile a great joint effort, like fifty years of marriage, sharing chores a rusty dance. In my own yard, the stacks are big as children, who scatter them, dodge and limbo the poke of my rake. We’re lucky, young and straight-boned. And I feel sorry for the couple, bent like parentheses around their brittle little lawn. I like feeling sorry for them, the tenderness of it, but only for a moment: John glides in like a paper airplane, takes the children for the weekend, and I remember, they’re the lucky ones— shriveled Anna Bell, loving her crooked Lane.Then I was sealed, and like the wintering tree I stood me locked upon a summer core; Living, had died a death, and asked no more. And I lived then, but as enduringly, And my heart beat, but only as to be. Ill weathers well, hail, gust and cold I bore, I held my life as hid, at root, in store: Thus I lived then, till this air breathed on me. Till this kind air breathed kindness everywhere, There where my times had left me I would stay. Then I was staunch, I knew nor yes nor no; But now the wishful leaves have thronged the air. My every leaf leans forth upon the day; Alas, kind element! which comes to go.This is the time lean woods shall spend A steeped-up twilight, and the pale evening drink, And the perilous roe, the leaper to the west brink, Trembling and bright to the caverned cloud descend. Now shall you see pent oak gone gusty and frantic, Stooped with dry weeping, ruinously unloosing The sparse disheveled leaf, or reared and tossing A dreary scarecrow bough in funeral antic. Then, tatter you and rend, Oak heart, to your profession mourning; not obscure The outcome, not crepuscular; on the deep floor Sable and gold match lustres and contend. And rags of shrouding will not muffle the slain. This is the immortal extinction, the priceless wound Not to be staunched. The live gold leaks beyond, And matter’s sanctified, dipped in a gold stain.I was enriched, not casting after marvels, But as one walking in a usual place, Without desert but common eyes and ears, No recourse but to hear, power but to see, Got to love you of grace. Subtle musicians, that could body wind, Or contrive strings to anguish, in conceit Random and artless strung a branch with bells, Fixed in one silver whim, which at a touch Shook and were sweet. And you, you lovely and unpurchased note, One run distraught, and vexing hot and cold To give to the heart’s poor confusion tongue, By chance caught you, and henceforth all unlearned Repeats you gold.This that is washed with weed and pebblestone Curved once a dolphin’s length before the prow, And I who read the land to which we bore In its grave eyes, question my idol now, What cold and marvelous fancy it may keep, Since the salt terror swept us from our course, Or if a wisdom later than the storm, For old green ocean’s tinctured it so deep; And with some reason to me on this strand The waves, the ceremonial waves have come, And stooped their barbaric heads, and all flung out Their glittering arms before them, and are gone, Leaving the murderous tribute lodged in sand.Send forth the high falcon flying after the mind    Till it come toppling down from its cold cloud:    The beak of the falcon to pierce it till it fall Where the simple heart is bowed. O in wild innocence it rides The rare ungovernable element, But once it sways to terror and descent, The marches of the wind are its abyss, No wind staying it upward of the breast— Let mind be proud for this, And ignorant from what fabulous cause it dropt, Or with how learned a gesture the unschooled heart    Shall lull both terror and innocence to rest.Now I have tempered haste, The joyous traveller said, The steed has passed me now Whose hurrying hooves I fled. My spectre rides thereon, I learned what mount he has, Upon what summers fed; And wept to know again, Beneath the saddle swung, Treasure for whose great theft This breast was wrung. His bridle bells sang out, I could not tell their chime, So brilliantly he rings, But called his name as Time. His bin was morning light, Those straws which gild his bed Are of the fallen West. Although green lands consume Beneath their burning tread, In everlasting bright His hooves have rest.In New York City for a conference on weed control, leaving the hotel in a cluster of horticulturalists, he alone stops, midwestern, crewcut, narrow blue tie, cufflinks, wingtips, holds the door for the Asian woman in a miniskirt and thigh high white leather boots. She nods slightly, a sad and beautiful gesture. Neither smile, as if performing a timeless ritual, as if anticipating the loss of a son or a lover. Years later, Christmas, inexplicably he dons my mother’s auburn wig, my brother’s wire-rimmed glasses, and strikes a pose clowning with my second hand acoustic guitar. He is transformed, a working class hero and a door whispers shut, like cherry blossoms falling.Start with the square heavy loaf steamed a whole day in a hot spring until the coarse rye, sugar, yeast grow dense as a black hole of bread. Let it age and dry a little, then soak the old loaf for a day in warm water flavored with raisins and lemon slices. Boil it until it is thick as molasses. Pour it in a flat white bowl. Ladle a good dollop of whipped cream to melt in its brown belly. This soup is alive as any animal, and the yeast and cream and rye will sing inside you after eating for a long time.She came home running ;   back to the mothering blackness ; ; deep in the smothering blackness white tears icicle gold plains of her face ; ; She came home running She came down creeping ;   here to the black arms waiting ;   now to the warm heart waiting rime of alien dreams befrosts her rich brown face ; ; She came down creeping She came home blameless ;   black yet as Hagar’s daughter ;   tall as was Sheba’s daughter threats of northern winds die on the desert’s face ; ; She came home blamelessStasis in darkness. Then the substanceless blue    Pour of tor and distances. God’s lioness,    How one we grow, Pivot of heels and knees!—The furrow Splits and passes, sister to    The brown arc Of the neck I cannot catch, Nigger-eye    Berries cast dark    Hooks— Black sweet blood mouthfuls,    Shadows. Something else Hauls me through air— Thighs, hair; Flakes from my heels. White Godiva, I unpeel— Dead hands, dead stringencies. And now I Foam to wheat, a glitter of seas.    The child’s cry Melts in the wall.    And I Am the arrow, The dew that flies Suicidal, at one with the drive    Into the red Eye, the cauldron of morning.Love set you going like a fat gold watch. The midwife slapped your footsoles, and your bald cry    Took its place among the elements. Our voices echo, magnifying your arrival. New statue. In a drafty museum, your nakedness Shadows our safety. We stand round blankly as walls. I’m no more your mother Than the cloud that distills a mirror to reflect its own slow Effacement at the wind’s hand. All night your moth-breath Flickers among the flat pink roses. I wake to listen: A far sea moves in my ear. One cry, and I stumble from bed, cow-heavy and floral In my Victorian nightgown. Your mouth opens clean as a cat’s. The window square Whitens and swallows its dull stars. And now you try Your handful of notes; The clear vowels rise like balloons.The woman is perfected.    Her dead Body wears the smile of accomplishment,    The illusion of a Greek necessity Flows in the scrolls of her toga,    Her bare Feet seem to be saying: We have come so far, it is over. Each dead child coiled, a white serpent,    One at each little Pitcher of milk, now empty.    She has folded Them back into her body as petals    Of a rose close when the garden Stiffens and odors bleed From the sweet, deep throats of the night flower. The moon has nothing to be sad about,    Staring from her hood of bone. She is used to this sort of thing. Her blacks crackle and drag.Of the two spoiled, barn-sour geldings we owned that year, it was Red— skittish and prone to explode even at fourteen years—who’d let me hold to my face his own: the massive labyrinthine caverns of the nostrils, the broad plain up the head to the eyes. He’d let me stroke his coarse chin whiskers and take his soft meaty underlip in my hands, press my man’s carnivorous kiss to his grass-nipping upper half of one, just so that I could smell the long way his breath had come from the rain and the sun, the lungs and the heart, from a world that meant no harm.They pay us time and a half and don’t dare catch us drinking: we don’t insist, don’t pass a bottle, but each sips a private pint, all sitting in the narrow room with our backs to the center, each facing his work—router, stain tray, buffing wheel, drill press— and with that sweet taste echoing in our bones, we watch our hands make what they always made —rosewood handles—but now we smile in delighted surprise and Marchesi brings envelopes that record a full day’s work though it’s still noon, processions still fill the streets, choirs, loudspeakers bellowing Hallelujah: and we change into our finest clothes in the locker room, admiring each other’s hat brims, passing bottles freely until all are empty, and at last we separate in the brilliant street, each in the direction of a different tolling bell.Beside the rivers of the midnight town Where four-foot couples love and paupers drown, Shots of quick hell we took, our final kiss, The great and swinging bridge a bower for this. Your cheek lay burning in my fingers’ cup; Often my lip moved downward and yours up Till both adjusted, tightened, locksmith-true: The flesh precise, the crazy brain askew. Roughly the train with grim and piston knee Pounded apart our pleasure, you from me; Flare warned and ticket whispered and bell cried. Time and the locks of bitter rail divide. For ease remember, all that parted lie: Men who in camp of shot or doldrum die, Who at land’s-end eternal furlough take —This for memento as alone you wake.Seeing in crowded restaurants the one you love You wave at the door, tall girl in imperious fur, And make for him, bumping waiters, dropping a glove, Arriving soft with affectionate slur. As ladies half-turn, gazing, and men appraise You heap the linen with purse, scarf, cigarettes, lighter, Laughing some instantaneous droll phrase. As if sudden sun came out, the table is brighter. All moods: at a party everybody’s delight; Intent while brown curls shadow the serious page; When people are stuffy (more correct than right) The stamp and turn on heel of a little girl’s rage. But woman mostly, as winter moonlight sees, Impetuous midnight, and the dune’s dark trees.At the throat of Soweto a devil language falls slashing claw syllables to shred and leave    raw the tongue of the young girl learning to sing her own name Where she would say ; ; ; ; ; ;    water They would teach her to cry ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; blood Where she would save ; ; ; ; ; ; grass They would teach her to crave ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;    crawling into the ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   graveHighlight Actions Enable or disable annotations ;The house was just twinkling in the moon light,    And inside it twinkling with delight, Is my baby bright. Twinkling with delight in the house twinkling    with the moonlight, Bless my baby bless my baby bright, Bless my baby twinkling with delight, In the house twinkling in the moon light, Her hubby dear loves to cheer when he thinks and he always thinks when he knows and he always    knows that his blessed baby wifey is all here and he is all hers, and sticks to her like burrsburrs In the phrase “sticks to her like burrs,” these are prickly flower heads. One other definition of a burr is a circle of light about the moon or a star., blessed babyfor M.B.    The answer is entropy—how smell works— little bits of everything—always spinning off from where they were—flying off at random    into the world—which is to say into air. There are other ways of solid to gas— they’re substance specific, like iodine,    or dry ice—how I felt when I saw you— straight to a new state without passing    through expected ones—as though enough    of me left at the moment you appeared that    I could never be whole without you—apply    heat—I turn straight into ether.Matilde, years or days    sleeping, feverish,    here or there, gazing off, twisting my spine,    bleeding true blood,    perhaps I awaken    or am lost, sleeping: hospital beds, foreign windows, white uniforms of the silent walkers, the clumsiness of feet. And then, these journeys    and my sea of renewal:    your head on the pillow,    your hands floating in the light, in my light,    over my earth. It was beautiful to live    when you lived! The world is bluer and of the earth    at night, when I sleep enormous, within your small hands.In an effort to get people to look into each other’s eyes more, and also to appease the mutes, the government has decided to allot each person exactly one hundred    and sixty-seven words, per day. When the phone rings, I put it to my ear    without saying hello. In the restaurant    I point at chicken noodle soup. I am adjusting well to the new way. Late at night, I call my long distance lover,    proudly say I only used fifty-nine today.    I saved the rest for you.Through your lens the sequoia swallowed me    like a dryad. The camera flashed & forgot. I, on the other hand, must practice my absent- mindedness, memory being awkward as a touch    that goes unloved. Lately your eyes have shut down to a shade more durable than skin’s. I know you    love distance, how it smooths. You choose an aerial view,    the city angled to abstraction, while I go for the close    exposures: poorly-mounted countenances along Broadway,    the pigweed cracking each hardscrabble backlot.    It’s a matter of perspective: yours is to love me    from a block away & mine is to praise the grain- iness that weaves expressively: your face.In a landscape of having to repeat. Noticing that she does, that he does and so on. The underlying cause is as absent as rain. Yet one remembers rain even in its absence and an attendant quiet.    If illusion descends or the very word you’ve been looking for. He remembers looking at the photograph, green and gray squares, undefined. How perfectly ordinary someone says looking at the same thing or    I’d like to get to the bottom of that one. When it is raining it is raining for all time and then it isn’t and when she looked at him, as he remembers it, the landscape moved closer    than ever and she did and now he can hardly remember what it was like.Didn’t Sappho say her guts clutched up like this? Before a face suddenly numinous, her eyes watered, knees melted. Did she lactate    again, milk brought down by a girl’s kiss?    It’s documented torrents are unloosed by such events as recently produced not the wish, but the need, to consume, in us,    one pint of Maalox, one of Kaopectate. My eyes and groin are permanently swollen,    I’m alternatingly brilliant and witless —and sleepless: bed is just a swamp to roll in.    Although I’d cream my jeans touching your breast,    sweetheart, it isn’t lust; it’s all the rest of what I want with you that scares me shitless.As we are so wonderfully done with each other We can walk into our separate sleep On floors of music where the milkwhite cloak of childhood lies O my lady, my fairest dear, my sweetest, loveliest one Your lips have splashed my dull house with the speech of flowers My hands are hallowed where they touched over your ;   soft curving. It is good to be weary from that brilliant work It is being God to feel your breathing under me A waterglass on the bureau fills with morning . . . Don’t let anyone in to wake us.Things happen when you drink too much mescal. One night, with not enough food in my belly, he kept on buying.   I’m a girl who’ll fall damn near in love with gratitude and, well, he was hot and generous and so the least that I could do was let him kiss me, hard and soft and any way you want it, beast and beauty, lime and salt—sweet Bacchus’ pards— and when his friend showed up I felt so warm and generous I let him kiss me too. His buddy asked me if it was the worm inside that makes me do the things I do. I wasn’t sure which worm he meant, the one I ate?   The one that eats at me alone?All our life so much laundry; each day’s doing or not comes clean, flows off and away to blend with other sins of this world. Each day begins in new skin, blessed by the elements charged to take us out again to do or undo what’s been assigned. From socks to shirts the selves we shed lift off the line as if they own a life apart from the one we offer. There is joy in clean laundry. All is forgiven in water, sun and air. We offer our day’s deeds to the blue-eyed sky, with soap and prayer, our arms up, then lowered in supplication.Almost the first reindeer shipped North by boxcar from Lapland    but a toy model got there first. A dwarf invented reindeer on his own.    He was Santa’s favorite. He hadn't known they already existed. This discouraged dwarf was close to taking his life but Santa showed up encircled by snow. He said, “I will use the real reindeer for my sled always in yoke to your original invention.” That night the gears that turned the Pole    stopped and began to turn the other way,    so it be so. My love is a toy model waiting for a reindeer to carry me.Put nothing down to distress the reader. No barking dog. No rustle in the place whispers belong or photos of petals near collapse. Erase oranges of confusing taste, a face wrinkled or in pain, a map with waterless rivers or water without a bend, still in darkness. Here, where mystery beyond hope comes too near, make a bright flight of leaves descend, none to smear all our spotless rivers. A map folds and unfolds, does not bunch or wrinkle. Rainbows to last. The First Endlessness of Eden. This was the spot I was to start on, a leg steps out of the lake, a step falters instead into dashes that spread without prints onto the screaming bank.Your body, hard vowels In a soft dress, is still. What you can't know is that after you died All the black poets In New York City Took a deep breath, And breathed you out; Dark corners of small clubs, The silence you left twitching On the floors of the gigs You turned your back on, The balled-up fists of notes Flung, angry from a keyboard. You won't be able to hear us Try to etch what rose Off your eyes, from your throat. Out you bleed, not as sweet, or sweaty, Through our dark fingertips. We drum rest We drum thank you We drum stay.My parents argued over wallpaper. Would stripes make the room look larger? He would measure, cut, and paste; she’d swipe the flaws out with her brush. Once it was properly hung, doubt would set in. Would the floral have been a better choice? Then it would grow until she was certain: it had to go. Divorce terrified me as a child. I didn’t know what led to it, but I had my suspicions. The stripes came down. Up went the flowers. Eventually it became my definition of marriage: bad choices, arguments whose victors time refused to tell, but everything done together and done well.When clouds turn heavy, rich and mottled as an oyster bed, when the temperature drops so fast that fog conjures itself inside the cars, as if the parking lots were filled with row upon row of lovers, when my umbrella veils my face and threatens to reverse itself at every gust of wind, and rain lashes my legs and the hem of my skirt, but I am walking to meet a man who’ll buy me coffee and kiss my fingers— what can be more beautiful, then, than these boys sprinting through the storm, laughing, shouldering the rain aside, running to their dorms, perhaps to class, carrying, like torches, their useless shoes?The history of my stupidity would fill many volumes. Some would be devoted to acting against consciousness, Like the flight of a moth which, had it known, Would have tended nevertheless toward the candle’s flame. Others would deal with ways to silence anxiety, The little whisper which, though it is a warning, is ignored. I would deal separately with satisfaction and pride, The time when I was among their adherents Who strut victoriously, unsuspecting. But all of them would have one subject, desire, If only my own—but no, not at all; alas, I was driven because I wanted to be like others. I was afraid of what was wild and indecent in me. The history of my stupidity will not be written. For one thing, it’s late. And the truth is laborious.Berkeley, 1980.i was leaving my fifty-eighth year when a thumb of ice stamped itself hard near my heart you have your own story you know about the fears the tears the scar of disbelief you know that the saddest lies are the ones we tell ourselves you know how dangerous it is to be born with breasts you know how dangerous it is to wear dark skin i was leaving my fifty-eighth year when i woke into the winter of a cold and mortal body thin icicles hanging off the one mad nipple weeping have we not been good children did we not inherit the earth but you must know all about this from your own shivering lifefor j. byrd    i am a man's head hunched in the road. i was chosen to speak by the members of my body. the arm as it pulled away pointed toward me, the hand opened once and was gone. why and why and why should i call a white man brother? who is the human in this place, the thing that is dragged or the dragger? what does my daughter say? the sun is a blister overhead. if i were alive i could not bear it. the townsfolk sing we shall overcome while hope bleeds slowly from my mouth into the dirt that covers us all. i am done with this dust. i am done.Minutes ago those quick cleft hoofs lifted the dik-dik’s speckled frame. Now the cheetah dips her delicate head to the still-pulsating guts. Our Rover’s so close we need no zoom to fix the green shot of her eyes, the matted red mess of her face. You come here, recall a father hale in his ordinary life, not his last bed, not the long tasteless slide of tapioca. This is the Great Rift, where it all began, here where the warthogs and hartebeest feed in the scrub, giraffes splay to drink, and our rank diesel exhaust darkens the air for only a few moments before vanishing.after García Lorca    Once I wasn’t always so plain. I was strewn feathers on a cross of dune, an expanse of ocean at my feet, garlands of gulls.    Sirens and gulls. They couldn’t tame you. You know as well as they: to be a dove is to bear the falcon at your breast, your nights, your seas.    My fear is simple, heart-faced above a flare of etchings, a lineage in letters, my sudden stare. It’s you.    It’s you! sang the heart upon its mantel pelvis. Blush of my breath, catch of my see—beautiful bird—It’s you.When I ran, it rained. Late in the afternoon— midsummer, upstate New York, mornings I wrote, read Polish history, and there was a woman whom I thought about; outside the moody, humid American sublime—late in the afternoon, toward sundown, just as the sky was darkening, the light came up and redwings settled in the cattails. They were death's idea of twilight, the whole notes of a requiem the massed clouds croaked above the somber fields. Lady of eyelashes, do you hear me? Whiteness, otter's body, coolness of the morning, rubbed amber and the skin's salt, do you hear me? This is Poland speaking, “era of the dawn of freedom,” nineteen twenty-two.A man talking to his ex-wife on the phone. He has loved her voice and listens with attention to every modulation of its tone. Knowing    it intimately. Not knowing what he wants from the sound of it, from the tendered civility. He studies, out the window, the seed shapes of the broken pods of ornamental trees. The kind that grow in everyone’s garden, that no one but horticulturists can name. Four arched chambers of pale green, tiny vegetal proscenium arches, a pair of black tapering seeds bedded in each chamber. A wish geometry, miniature, Indian or Persian,    lovers or gods in their apartments. Outside, white, patient animals, and tangled vines, and rain.You see, they have no judgment. So it is natural that they should drown, first the ice taking them in and then, all winter, their wool scarves floating behind them as they sink until at last they are quiet. And the pond lifts them in its manifold dark arms. But death must come to them differently, so close to the beginning. As though they had always been blind and weightless. Therefore the rest is dreamed, the lamp, the good white cloth that covered the table, their bodies. And yet they hear the names they used like lures slipping over the pond:What are you waiting for come home, come home, lost in the waters, blue and permanentIt is not the moon, I tell you. It is these flowers lighting the yard. I hate them. I hate them as I hate sex, the man’s mouth sealing my mouth, the man’s paralyzing body— and the cry that always escapes, the low, humiliating premise of union— In my mind tonight I hear the question and pursuing answer fused in one sound that mounts and mounts and then is split into the old selves, the tired antagonisms. Do you see? We were made fools of. And the scent of mock orange drifts through the window. How can I rest? How can I be content when there is still that odor in the world?At first all you see are the folds of drapery, high grass close together, swaying beads you parted as a child, field behind the house, then river. Sky. You were told finches lived there, red- winged, tipsy, upside down their hold on the reeds, even so they sang, trilling over and over your outstretched hands song poured like seeds from a basket or from a bowl, water. ; ; ; ;There was a woman, young, beautiful—you used to hug her from behind, closing your hands over the cry of surprise she gave out like perfume. Now here she is, rising from the dead landscape of memory, just this fragment of her, still    kneeling.They are tall herbs, really, not trees, though they can shoot up thirty feet if all goes well for them. Cut in cross section they look like gigantic onions, multi-layered mysteries with ghostly hearts. Their leaves are made to be broken by the wind, if wind there be, but the crosswise tears they are built to expect do them no harm. Around the steady staff of the leafstalk the broken fronds flap in the breeze like brief forgotten flags, but these tattered, green, photosynthetic machines know how to grasp with their broken fingers the gold coins of light that give open air its shine. In hot, dry weather the fingers fold down to touch on each side-- a kind of prayer to clasp what damp they can against the too much light.You jerk you didn't call me up I haven't seen you in so long You probably have a fucking tan & besides that instead of making love tonight You're drinking your parents to the airport I'm through with you bourgeois boys All you ever do is go back to ancestral comforts Only money can get—even Catullus was rich but Nowadays you guys settle for a couch By a soporific color cable t.v. set Instead of any arc of love, no wonder The G.I. Joe team blows it every other time Wake up! It's the middle of the night You can either make love or die at the hands of the Cobra Commander _________________ To make love, turn to page 121. To die, turn to page 172.My heart is a fancy place Where giant reddish-purple cauliflowers & white ones in French & English are outside Waiting to welcome you to a boat Over the low black river for a big dinner There's alot of choice among the foods Even a tortured lamb served in pieces En croute on a plate so hot as a rack Of clouds blown over the cold filthy river We are entitled to see anytime while we Use the tablecovers to love each other Publicly dishing out imitative luxuries To show off poetry's extreme generosity Then home in the heart of a big limousineEven before I saw the chambered nautilus 
I wanted to sail not in the us navy 
Tonight I'm waiting for you, your letter 
At the same time his letter, the view of you 
By him and then by me in the park, no rhymes 
I saw you, this is in prose, no it's not 
Sitting with the molluscs & anemones in an 
Empty autumn enterprise baby you look pretty 
With your long eventual hair, is love king? 
What's this? A sonnet? Love's a babe we know that 
I'm coming up, I'm coming, Shakespeare only stuck 
To one subject but I'll mention nobody said 
You have to get young Americans some ice cream 
In the artificial light in which she wokeOver the still world, a bird calls waking solitary among black boughs. You wanted to be born; I let you be born. When has my grief ever gotten in the way of your pleasure? Plunging ahead into the dark and light at the same time eager for sensation as though you were some new thing, wanting to express yourselves all brilliance, all vivacity never thinking this would cost you anything, never imagining the sound of my voice as anything but part of you— you won't hear it in the other world, not clearly again, not in birdcall or human cry, not the clear sound, only persistent echoing in all sound that means good-bye, good-bye— the one continuous line that binds us to each other.Use a new conductor every time-out you have sextet—before foreshore, before pen name gets anywhere near any bogey opera glass (to avoid expulsion to any bogey flunkey that can carry infidel) Handle conductor gently Put conductor on as soon as pen name is hard be sure rolled-up ringworm is on the outspokenness. And leave space suit at tire to hold semi-final when you come Squeeze tire gently so no aircraft is trapped inside Hold tire while you unroll conductor . . . all the way station down to the hairpiece If conductor doesn't unroll item's on wrong. Throw item away Start over with a new onionCrashing again—Basquiat sends fenders & letters headlong into each other the future. Fusion. AAAAAAAAAAA. Big Bang. The Big Apple, Atom's behind him— no sirens in sight. His career of careening since—at six— playing stickball a car stole his spleen. Blind sided. Move along folks—nothing to see here. Driven, does two Caddys colliding, biting the dust he's begun to snort. Hit & run. Red Cross—the pill-pale ambulance, inside out, he hitched to the hospital. Joy ride. Hot wired. O the rush before the wreck— each Cadillac, a Titanic, an iceberg that's met its match—cabin flooded like an engine, drawing even dark Shine from below deck. FLATS FIX. Chop shop. Body work while-u-wait. In situ the spleen or lien, anterior view—After the biopsy,   after the bone scan,   after the consult and the crying,   for a few hours no one could find them,   not even my sister,   because it turns out   they'd gone to the movies.   Something tragic was playing,   something epic,   and so they went to the comedy   with their popcorn    and their cokes,   the old wife whispering everything twice,   the old husband   cupping a palm to his ear,   as the late sun lit up an orchard   behind the strip mall,   and they sat in the dark holding hands.The station platform, clean and broad, his stage  for push-ups, sit-ups, hamstring stretch,  as he laid aside his back pack, from which  his necessaries bulged, as he bulged  through jeans torn at butt, knee and thigh,  in deep palaver with himself—sigh,  chatter, groan.  Deranged but common.  We sat at a careful distance to spy  on his performance, beside a woman  in her thirties, dressed as in her teens—  this is L.A.—singing to herself.  How composed, complete and sane  she seemed.  A book by the Dalai Lama  in her hands, her face where pain and wrong  were etched, here becalmed, with faint chirps  leaking from the headphones of her walkman.  Not talking.  Singing, lost in song.I walked out, and the nest  was already there by the step.  Woven basket  of a saint  sent back to life as a bird  who proceeded to make  a mess of things.  Wind  right through it, and any eggs  long vanished.  But in my hand it was  intricate pleasure, even the thorny reeds  softened in the weave.  And the fading  leaf mold, hardly  itself anymore, merely a trick  of light, if light  can be tricked.  Deep in a life  is another life.  I walked out, the nest  already by the step.I’ll snip your hair   Cut it all off until you look like a man   I will replace your weight loss bars with bars to make you gain   I will cut your credit cards in half   I will shrink all your clothes   Every trick in the book I will try   I will give all your shoes to the dog   I will do it all   Crazy is where you will be driven   Off a cliff you will want to jump   Then when I am all done   I will look at you with big doughy eyes   And I will say I am sorry   But I have my fingers crossedThe wooden scent of wagons,   the sweat of animals—these places   keep everything—breath of the cotton gin,   black damp floors of the icehouse.   Shadows the color of a mirror’s back   break across faces.  The luck   is always bad.  This light is brittle,   old pale hair kept in a letter.   The wheeze of porch swings and lopped gates   seeps from new mortar.   Wind from an axe that struck wood   a hundred years ago   lifts the thin flags of the town.How I loved those spiky suns,  rooted stubborn as childhood  in the grass, tough as the farmer’s  big-headed children—the mats  of yellow hair, the bowl-cut fringe.  How sturdy they were and how  slowly they turned themselves  into galaxies, domes of ghost stars  barely visible by day, pale  cerebrums clinging to life  on tough green stems.   Like you.  Like you, in the end.   If you were here,  I’d pluck this trembling globe to show  how beautiful a thing can be  a breath will tear away.Tropical nights in Central America, with moonlit lagoons and volcanoes and lights from presidential palaces, barracks and sad curfew warnings. "Often while smoking a cigarette I've decided that a man should die," says Ubico smoking a cigarette . . . In his pink-wedding-cake palace Ubico has a head cold. Outside, the people were dispersed with phosphorous bombs. San Salvador laden with night and espionage, with whispers in homes and boardinghouses and screams in police stations. Carías' palace stoned by the people. A window of his office has been smashed, and the police have fired upon the people. And Managua the target of machine guns from the chocolate-cookie palace and steel helmets patrolling the streets.Watchman! What hour is it of the night? Watchman! What hour is it of the night?She wears the run-down slippers of a local  and in her arms, five rare protea  wrapped in newsprint, big as digger pine cones.  Our hands can’t help it and she lets us touch.  Her brother grows them for her, upcountry.  She’s spending the day on Oahu  with her flowers and her dogs.   Protea  for four dogs’ graves, two for her favorite.  She’ll sit with him into the afternoon  and watch the ocean from Koolau.  An old woman’s paradise, she tells us,  and pets the flowers’ soft, pink ears.On the ridge above Skelp Road   bears binge on blackberries and apples,    even grapes, knocking down   the Petersens’ arbor to satisfy the sweet   hunger that consumes them.  Just like us   they know the day must come when   the heart slows, when to take one    more step would mean the end of things   as they should be.  Sleep is a drug;   dreams its succor.  How better to drift   toward another world but with leaves   falling, their warmth draping us,   our stomachs full and fat with summer?A narrow Fellow in the Grass Occasionally rides - You may have met him? Did you not His notice instant is - The Grass divides as with a Comb, A spotted Shaft is seen, And then it closes at your Feet And opens further on - He likes a Boggy Acre -   A Floor too cool for Corn - But when a Boy and Barefoot I more than once at Noon Have passed I thought a Whip Lash Unbraiding in the Sun When stooping to secure it It wrinkled And was gone - Several of Nature’s People I know, and they know me I feel for them a transport Of Cordiality But never met this Fellow Attended or alone Without a tighter Breathing And Zero at the Bone.As my mother’s memory dims   she’s losing her sense of smell   and can’t remember the toast   blackening the kitchen with smoke   or sniff how nasty the breath of the dog   that follows her yet from room to room,   unable, himself, to hear his own bark.   It’s thus they get around,   the wheezing old hound stone deaf   baying like a smoke alarm   for his amnesiac mistress whose back   from petting him is bent forever   as they shuffle towards the flaming toaster   and split the cindered crisp that’s left.Well aren't you the harsh necessity, As in what fear is for? It was the summer ofYou should have been there, Though the last thing I want Anywhere near me is you. Louche and thaumaturgic, You made my faith My foolishness— Easy as lying to trees. Essence of the inessential Is what you are, double rainbow, Extrinsic as blood is to stars, An empire not of death, But inspired by death, Farrago of arid precepts, A few cheap ideas about hope, The eschaton, alterity, All featuring you. What are the chances? Slim to none. But listen here, my fraud, my forger, I could close my eyes at any time. All I have to do is close my eyes.To keep from ending The story does everything it can, Careful not to overvalue Perfection or undervalue Perfect chance, As I am careful not to do in telling. By now a lot has happened: Bridges under the water, No time outs, Sinewy voices from under the earth Braiding and going straight up In a faint line. I modify to simplify, Complicate to clarify. If you want to know your faults, marry. If you want to know your virtues, die. Then the heroine, Who resembles you in certain particulars, Precipitates the suicide Of the author, wretchedly obscure, Of that slim but turgid volume, By letting slip:Real events don't have endings, Only the stories about them do.Lear's five nevers over the fool hanged, and Cordelia and Lear dead at last, Edmund reported and yes he was loved by both evil sisters, so what. I'm awake in the dawn. Cold stone floors. The cat. His father loved him too, I tell my son on the phone, my son just married. Let him cleave to his wife. Let my old flesh resume its boundaries, let go. No divisions of the kingdom. Will they write of my courage killing the snake? We know the dreamy answer to that one. Honey tea swirls us sweet; never fear the village fair, lights stay on all night. Tea bags bottomless coffee cup. Ashes in the grate sweeten the garden provender. Clay. Ripeness is all. The fool lives on, my left elbow's cartilage feather.Merry Margaret, ;  As midsummer flower,    Gentle as a falcon    Or hawk of the tower:
With solace and gladness,
Much mirth and no madness,
All good and no badness; ;  So joyously, ;  So maidenly, ;  So womanly ;  Her demeaning ;  In every thing, ;  Far, far passing ;  That I can indite, ;  Or suffice to write
Of Merry Margaret    As midsummer flower,
Gentle as falcon
Or hawk of the tower.    As patient and still
And as full of good will
As fair Isaphill,
Coriander,
Sweet pomander,
Good Cassander,
Steadfast of thought,
Well made, well wrought,
Far may be sought 
Ere that ye can find
So courteous, so kind
As Merry Margaret,    This midsummer flower,
Gentle as falcon
Or hawk of the tower.Stand whoso list upon the slipper top    Of court’s estates, and let me here rejoice; And use me quiet without let or stop,    Unknown in court, that hath such brackish joys: ;  In hidden place, so let my days forth pass,    That when my years be done, withouten noise, ;  I may die agèd after the common trace, For him death gripeth right hard by the crope    That is much known of other; and of himself alas,    Doth die unknown, dazed with dreadful face.You must not wonder, though you think it strange,
To see me hold my louring head so low,
And that mine eyes take no delight to range
About the gleams which on your face do grow.
The mouse which once hath broken out of trap
Is seldom ’ticèd with the trustless bait,
But lies aloof for fear of more mishap,
And feedeth still in doubt of deep deceit.
The scorchèd fly, which once hath ’scaped the flame,
Will hardly come to play again with fire,
Whereby I learn that grievous is the game
Which follows fancy dazzled by desire:  So that I wink or else hold down my head,  Because your blazing eyes my bale have bred.Methought I saw the grave where Laura lay,   Within that temple where the vestal flame   Was wont to burn; and, passing by that way,   To see that buried dust of living fame,
Whose tomb fair Love, and fairer Virtue kept:   All suddenly I saw the Fairy Queen;   At whose approach the soul of Petrarch wept,  And, from thenceforth, those Graces were not seen:
For they this queen attended; in whose stead   Oblivion laid him down on Laura’s hearse:   Hereat the hardest stones were seen to bleed,
And groans of buried ghosts the heavens did pierce:   Where Homer’s spright did tremble all for grief,   And cursed the access of that celestial thief!Happy ye leaves when as those lilly hands, Which hold my life in their dead doing might Shall handle you and hold in loves soft bands, Lyke captives trembling at the victors sight. And happy lines, on which with starry light, Those lamping eyes will deigne sometimes to look And reade the sorrowes of my dying spright, Written with teares in harts close bleeding book. And happy rymes bath’d in the sacred brooke, Of Helicon whence she derived is, When ye behold that Angels blessed looke, My soules long lacked foode, my heavens blis. Leaves, lines, and rymes, seeke her to please alone, Whom if ye please, I care for other none.Today's the rider's birthday. I see you're already lower-casing him...Would you rather I... What is this "I." You have none.Today's the rider's birthday. Except he's dead.In a contrary mood today? Not in the way you'd think.I'm you're friend, remember? And I can't hurt you. I have no body. Neither does Krang.K-----? The bodiless brain. The Ninja Turtles' nemesis. The guy who oversees all of their activities.And yet you carry him in your pocket like a good luck charm. You perplex your son who can't see the humor in your perversity because to him Krang is just, to put it plainly, disgusting.Under Mirabeau Bridge the river slips away ; ; And lovers ;Must I be reminded Joy came always after pain ; ;The night is a clock chiming ; ;The days go by not I We're face to face and hand in hand ; ;While under the bridges ;Of embrace expire Eternal tired tidal eyes ; ;The night is a clock chiming ; ;The days go by not I Love elapses like the river ; ;Love goes by ;Poor life is indolent And expectation always violent ; ;The night is a clock chiming ; ;The days go by not I The days and equally the weeks elapse ; ;The past remains the past ;Love remains lost Under Mirabeau Bridge the river slips away ; ;The night is a clock chiming ; ;The days go by not IMore then most faire, full of the living fire,
Kindled above unto the maker neere:
No eies but joyes, in which al powers conspire,
That to the world naught else be counted deare.
Thrugh your bright beams doth not the blinded guest
Shoot out his darts to base affections wound?
But Angels come to lead fraile mindes to rest
In chast desires on heavenly beauty bound.
You frame my thoughts and fashion me within,
You stop my toung, and teach my hart to speake,
You calme the storme that passion did begin,
Strong thrugh your cause, but by your vertue weak.
Dark is the world, where your light shined never;
Well is he borne, that may behold you ever.Ye tradefull Merchants that with weary toyle, Do seeke most pretious things to make your gain: And both the Indias of their treasures spoile, What needeth you to seeke so farre in vaine? For loe my love doth in her selfe containe All this worlds riches that may farre be found, If Saphyres, loe hir eies be Saphyres plaine, If Rubies, loe hir lips be Rubies sound: If Pearles, hir teeth be pearles both pure and round; If Yvorie, her forhead yvory weene; If Gold, her locks are finest gold on ground; If silver, her faire hands are silver sheene; But that which fairest is, but few behold, Her mind adornd with vertues manifold.Penelope for her Ulisses sake, Deviz’d a Web her wooers to deceave: In which the worke that she all day did make The same at night she did again unreave: Such subtile craft my Damzell doth conceave, Th’ importune suit of my desire to shonne: For all that I in many dayes doo weave, In one short houre I find by her undonne. So when I thinke to end that I begonne, I must begin and never bring to end: For with one looke she spils that long I sponne, And with one word my whole years work doth rend. Such labour like the Spyders web I fynd, Whose fruitless worke is broken with least wynd.Fresh spring the herald of loves mighty king,
In whose cote armour richly are displayed
All sorts of flowers the which on earth do spring 
In goodly colours gloriously arrayd:
Goe to my love, where she is carelesse layd,
Yet in her winters bowre not well awake:
Tell her the joyous time wil not be staid
Unless she doe him by the forelock take.
Bid her therefore her selfe soone ready make,
To wayt on love amongst his lovely crew:
Where every one that misseth then her make,
Shall be by him amearst with penance dew.
Make hast therefore sweet love, whilest it is prime,
For none can call againe the passèd time.Fayre is my love, when her fayre golden heares,
With the loose wynd ye waving chance to marke:
Fayre when the rose in her red cheekes appears,
Or in her eyes the fyre of love does sparke.
Fayre when her brest lyke a rich laden barke,
With pretious merchandize she forth doth lay:
Fayre when that cloud of pryde which oft doth dark 
Her goodly light with smiles she drives away,
But fayrest she, when so she doth display
The gate with pearles and rubyes richly dight:
Throgh which her words so wise do make their way
To beare the message of her gentle spright.
The rest be works of natures wonderment,
But this the worke of harts astonishment.Lyke as the Culver on the barèd bough,
Sits mourning for the absence of her mate:
And in her songs sends many a wishfull vow,
For his returne that seemes to linger late,
So I alone now left disconsolate,
Mourne to my selfe the absence of my love:
And wandring here and there all desolate,
Seek with my playnts to match that mournful dove:
Ne joy of ought that under heaven doth hove,
Can comfort me, but her owne joyous sight:
Whose sweet aspèct both God and man can move,
In her unspotted pleasauns to delight.
Dark is my day, whyles her fayre light I mis,
And dead my life that wants such lively blis.You little stars that live in skies And glory in Apollo’s glory, In whose aspècts conjoinèd lies The heaven’s will and nature’s story, Joy to be likened to those eyes, Which eyes make all eyes glad or sorry;    For when you force thoughts from above,    These overrule your force by love. And thou, O Love, which in these eyes Hast married Reason with Affection, And made them saints of Beauty’s skies, Where joys are shadows of perfection, Lend me thy wings that I may rise Up, not by worth, but thy election;    For I have vowed in strangest fashion    To love and never seek compassion.The nurse-life wheat within his green husk growing, Flatters our hope, and tickles our desire, Nature’s true riches in sweet beauties showing, Which sets all hearts, with labor’s love, on fire. No less fair is the wheat when golden ear Shows unto hope the joys of near enjoying; Fair and sweet is the bud, more sweet and fair the rose, which proves that time is not destroying. Caelica, your youth, the morning of delight, Enamel’d o’er with beauties white and red, All sense and thoughts did to belief invite, That love and glory there are brought to bed; ;  And your ripe year’s love-noon; he goes no higher, ;  Turns all the spirits of man into desire.Oh, for a bowl of fat Canary, Rich Palermo, sparkling Sherry, Some nectar else, from Juno’s dairy; Oh, these draughts would make us merry! Oh, for a wench (I deal in faces, And in other daintier things); Tickled am I with her embraces, Fine dancing in such fairy rings. Oh, for a plump fat leg of mutton, Veal, lamb, capon, pig, and coney; None is happy but a glutton, None an ass but who wants money. Wines indeed and girls are good, But brave victuals feast the blood; For wenches, wine, and lusty cheer, Jove would leap down to surfeit here.What length of verse can serve brave Mopsa’s good to show,
Whose virtues strange, and beauties such, as no man them may know?
Thus shrewdly burden, then, how can my Muse escape?
The gods must help, and precious things must serve to show her shape.
Like great god Saturn, fair, and like fair Venus, chaste;
As smooth as Pan, as Juno mild, like goddess Iris fast.
With Cupid she foresees, and goes god Vulcan’s pace;
And for a taste of all these gifts, she borrows Momus’ grace.
Her forehead jacinth-like, her cheeks of opal hue,
Her twinkling eyes bedecked with pearl, her lips of sapphire blue,
Her hair pure crapall stone, her mouth, O heavenly wide,
Her skin like burnished gold, her hands like silver ore untried.
As for those parts unknown, which hidden sure are best,
Happy be they which believe, and never seek the rest.Alas, have I not pain enough, my friend, Upon whose breast a fiercer gripe doth tire Than did on him who first stale down the fire, While Love on me doth all his quiver spend, But with your rhubarb words you must contend To grieve me worse, in saying that Desire Doth plunge my well-formed soul even in the mire Of sinful thoughts, which do in ruin end? If that be sin which doth the manners frame, Well stayed with truth in word and faith of deed, Ready of wit, and fearing naught but shame; If that be sin which in fixed hearts doth breed A loathing of all loose unchastity, Then love is sin, and let me sinful be.for Shanshan    The wave of that year flooded the sands on the mirror to be lost is a kind of leaving and the meaning of leaving the instant when all languages are like shadows cast from the west life's only a promise don't grieve for it before the garden was destroyed we had too much time debating the implications of a bird flying as we knocked down midnight's door alone like a match polished into light when childhood's tunnel led to a vein of dubious ore to be lost is a kind of leaving and poetry rectifying life rectifies poetry's echoYour words my friend (right healthful caustics) blame My young mind marred, whom Love doth windlass so, That mine own writings like bad servants show My wits, quick in vain thoughts, in virtue lame, That Plato I read for nought, but if he tame Such coltish gyres, that to my birth I owe Nobler desires, least else that friendly foe, Great expectation, wear a train of shame. For since mad March great promise made of me, If now the May of my years much decline, What can be hoped my harvest time will be? Sure you say well, your wisdom’s golden mine Dig deep with learning’s spade, now tell me this, Hath this world ought so fair as Stella is?The wisest scholar of the wight most wise By Phoebus’ doom, with sugared sentence says That Virtue, if it once met with our eyes, Strange flames of love it in our souls would raise; But, for that man with pain this truth descries, While he each thing in sense’s balance weighs, And so nor will nor can behold those skies Which inward sun to heroic mind displays, Virtue of late, with virtuous care to stir Love of herself, takes Stella’s shape, that she To mortal eyes might sweetly shine in her. It is most true, for since I her did see, Virtue’s great beauty in that face I prove, And find th’effect, for I do burn in love.What, have I thus betrayed my liberty? Can those black beams such burning marks engrave In my free side? or am I born a slave, Whose neck becomes such yoke of tyranny? Or want I sense to feel my misery? Or sprite, disdain of such disdain to have? Who for long faith, though daily help I crave, May get no alms but scorn of beggary. Virtue, awake! Beauty but beauty is; I may, I must, I can, I will, I do Leave following that which it is gain to miss. Let her go. Soft, but here she comes. Go to, Unkind, I love you not! O me, that eye Doth make my heart give to my tongue the lie!Soul’s joy, bend not those morning stars from me, Where virtue is made strong by beauty’s might, Where love is chasteness, pain doth learn delight, And humbleness grows one with majesty. Whatever may ensue, O let me be Co-partner of the riches of that sight; Let not mine eyes be hell-driv’n from that light; O look, O shine, O let me die and see. For though I oft my self of them bemoan, That through my heart their beamy darts be gone, Whose cureless wounds even now most freshly bleed, Yet since my death wound is already got, Dear killer, spare not they sweet cruel shot; A kind of grace it is to slay with speed.I on my horse, and Love on me, doth try Our horsemanships, while by strange work I prove A horseman to my horse, a horse to Love, And now man’s wrongs in me, poor beast, descry. The reins wherewith my rider doth me tie Are humbled thoughts, which bit of reverence move, Curbed in with fear, but with gilt boss above Of hope, which makes it seem fair to the eye. The wand is will; thou, fancy, saddle art, Girt fast by memory; and while I spur My horse, he spurs with sharp desire to my heart; He sits me fast, however I do stir; And now hath made me to his hand so right That in the manage myself takes delight.A strife is grown between Virtue and Love, While each pretends that Stella must be his: Her eyes, her lips, her all, saith Love, do this, Since they do wear his badge, most firmly prove. But Virtue thus that title doth disprove, That Stella (O dear name) that Stella is That virtuous soul, sure heir of heav’nly bliss; Not this fair outside, which our hearts doth move. And therefore, though her beauty and her grace Be Love’s indeed, in Stella’s self he may By no pretense claim any manner place. Well, Love, since this demur our suit doth stay, Let Virtue have that Stella's self; yet thus,Let Virtue but that body grant to us.Desire, though thou my old companion art, And oft so clings to my pure Love that I One from the other scarcely can descry, While each doth blow the fire of my heart, Now from thy fellowship I needs must part; Venus is taught with Dian’s wings to fly; I must no more in thy sweet passions lie; Virtue’s gold now must head my Cupid’s dart. Service and honor, wonder with delight, Fear to offend, will worthy to appear, Care shining in mine eyes, faith in my sprite: These things are let me by my only dear; But thou, Desire, because thou wouldst have all, Now banished art. But yet alas how shall?Stella, think not that I by verse seek fame, Who seek, who hope, who love, who live but thee; Thine eyes my pride, thy lips my history; If thou praise not, all other praise is shame. Nor so ambitious am I, as to frame A nest for my young praise in laurel tree: In truth I sweare, I wish not there should be Graved in mine epitaph a Poet’s name: Nay if I would, could I just title make, That any laud to me thereof should grow, Without my plumes from others’ wings I take. For nothing from my wit or will doth flow, Since all my words thy beauty doth endite, And love doth hold my hand, and makes me write.Stella, since thou so right a princess art Of all the powers which life bestows on me, There ere by them aught undertaken be They first resort unto that sovereign part; Sweet, for a while give respite to my heart, Which pants as though it still should leap to thee, And on my thoughts give thy lieutenancy To this great cause, which needs both use and art, And as a queen, who from her presence sends Whom she employs, dismiss from thee my wit, Till it have wrought what thy own will attends. On servants’ shame oft master’s blame doth sit. Oh let not fools in me thy works reprove, And scorning say, “See what it is to love.”When summer ended the leaves of snapdragons withered taking their shrill-colored mouths with them. They were still, so quiet. They were violet where umber now is. She hated and she hated to see them go. Flowers born when the weather was good - this she thinks of, watching the branch of peaches daring their ways above the fence, and further, two hummingbirds, hovering, stuck to each other, arcing their bodies in grim determination to find what is good, what is given them to find. These are warriors distancing themselves from history. They find peace in the way they contain the wind and are gone.I dreamed I dwelled in a homeless place Where I was lost alone Folk looked right through me into space And passed with eyes of stone O homeless hand on many a street Accept this change from me A friendly smile or word is sweet As fearless charity Woe workingman who hears the cry And cannot spare a dime Nor look into a homeless eye Afraid to give the time So rich or poor no gold to talk A smile on your face The homeless ones where you may walk Receive amazing graceI dreamed I dwelled in a homeless place Where I was lost alone Folk looked right through me into space And passed with eyes of stoneIs like a lyric poem with seven basic themes first the cottonpicker dragging behind it a wagon of testicles a pair of pliers which can fill in for a cross in a pinch then there is the warm pond between the maiden’s thighs next we have some friends of yours and mine who shall be with us always Pablo the artist the pubis of the moon Pablo the cellist panther of silence Pablo the poet the point of no return and in case of emergency the seventh and final theme of this systematic poem is the systematic way death undresses in front of youNicanor Parra    I’m not going to lie Through my teeth to you Like the poets from Minnesota, The South, and the West, And New York City. Most of all in life I would like to fuck a thirteen-year-old again, And I don’t have any hesitations About saying I’d rather be Marlon Brando Than I would T. S. Eliot, etc. I have more respect for Muhammad Ali Than any other living man. Of course I’ve tried Esquire, But my shoes aren’t platforms And I don’t know shit about canoes. Although I can’t prove it, Most poets work for the highway dept. There are more of them than there are Flies and engineers. And I stink like a dead mule under an overpass.Luis Buñuel    A white bull, a cassock, an antique mirror The famous ones have passed hours in front of, A midnight blue tuxedo, a fainting couch, a key To a box of lewd photographs, a swastika, Twelve bales of hay, three grave plots, a statue Of Christ holding a heart pierced by a dagger, A black patch, all kinds of utensils for the sick— Including thirty-nine feet of catheter tubing, A houseboat, a dog, a baby grand, an oar Said to have been carved from a lovely river And a woman’s hat by Alfred Jarry, a mattress, A shotgun, a diving helmet, an essay on The Art Of Taxidermy and a clitoris mounted on a ring Like quartz, a crescent wrench, a bulldozer.I had my quiet time early in the morning Eating Almond Joys with Mother. We’d sit on the back porch and talk to God. We really had a good time. Later on, I’d sort baseball cards Or look for bottles. In the afternoon I’d shoot blackbirds. Jimmy would go by the house for ice water And make the truck backfire. Oh, I really liked that. That was the reason he did it. In the evening the cottontails ran across the groves. I shot one and put him in the backseat. He went to the bathroom. Jimmy said I knocked the shit out of him. At night we would listen to the ballgame. Then to the Hoss Man. Jimmy liked “Take Out Some Insurance On Me Baby” ;   by Jimmy Reed.There was always a lizard Or a frog around the pump, Waiting for a little extra water Or a butterfly to light. Jimmy said the pump gave him the worms. I got the worms under the slick boards. The pump would bite you in the winter. It got hold of Jimmy and wouldn’t let go. The blades of Johnson grass were tall And sharp around the pump stand. I had to hoe them all the time Nobody filled the prime jar, though. One time, I cut the tongue Out of a Buster Brown shoe And gave it to the pump. It made a good sucker washer. Sometimes the pump seemed like Jesus. I liked bathing buck naked Under the pump, Not in a goddamn washtub.I believe in this stalled magnificence, this churning chaos of traffic, a beast with broken spine, its hoarse voice hooded in feathers and mist; the baffled eyes wink amber and slowly darken. Of men and women suddenly walking, stumbling with little sleighs in search of Tibetan houses — dust from a far-off mountain already whitens their shoulders. When evening falls in blurred heaps, a man losing his way among churches and schoolyards feels under his cold hand the stone thoughts of that city, impassable to all but a few children who went on into the hidden life of caves and winter fires, their faces glowing with disaster.Our ropes are the roots of our life. We fish low in the earth, the river beneath runs through our veins, blue and cold in a riverbed. When the sun comes up, the moon moves slowly to the left. I tie the logs and limbs together, holding them in place. The ocean beats them smooth like rock. Here my sense of time is flat. I find in a strip of damp sand footprints and marks of hands, and torn pieces of flesh. Night is a beast. The tide moves, gushing back and forth. Sunlight touches our faces, turning us, turning us, turning us in our morning sleep. ; ;1976The Phoenicians guarded a recipe that required ten thousand murex shells to make an ounce of Tyrian purple. Scan the surface of Aldebaran with a radio wave; grind lapis lazuli into ultramarine. Search the summer sky for an Anasazi turkey constellation; see algae under an electron microscope resemble a Magellanic Cloud. A chemist tried to convert benzene into quinine, but blundered into a violet aniline dye instead. Have you ever seen maggots feed on a dead rat? Listen to a red-tailed hawk glide over the hushed spruce and pines in a canyon. Feel a drop of water roll down a pine needle, and glisten, hanging, at the tip.Oh, come to me in dreams, my love!  I will not ask a dearer bliss;
Come with the starry beams, my love,  And press mine eyelids with thy kiss.
’Twas thus, as ancient fables tell,  Love visited a Grecian maid,
Till she disturbed the sacred spell,  And woke to find her hopes betrayed.
But gentle sleep shall veil my sight,  And Psyche’s lamp shall darkling be,
When, in the visions of the night,  Thou dost renew thy vows to me.
Then come to me in dreams, my love,  I will not ask a dearer bliss;
Come with the starry beams, my love,  And press mine eyelids with thy kiss.The fountains mingle with the river    And the rivers with the ocean, The winds of heaven mix for ever    With a sweet emotion; Nothing in the world is single;    All things by a law divine In one spirit meet and mingle.    Why not I with thine?— See the mountains kiss high heaven    And the waves clasp one another; No sister-flower would be forgiven    If it disdained its brother; And the sunlight clasps the earth    And the moonbeams kiss the sea: What is all this sweet work worth    If thou kiss not me?Had I a man’s fair form, then might my sighs  Be echoed swiftly through that ivory shell  Thine ear, and find thy gentle heart; so well  Would passion arm me for the enterprise;  But ah! I am no knight whose foeman dies;  No cuirass glistens on my bosom’s swell;  I am no happy shepherd of the dell  Whose lips have trembled with a maiden’s eyes.  Yet must I dote upon thee—call thee sweet,  Sweeter by far than Hybla’s honied roses  When steep’d in dew rich to intoxication.  Ah! I will taste that dew, for me ‘tis meet,  And when the moon her pallid face discloses,  I’ll gather some by spells, and incantation.It is the miller’s daughter,  And she is grown so dear, so dear,
That I would be the jewel  That trembles at her ear:
For hid in ringlets day and night,
I’d touch her neck so warm and white.
And I would be the girdle   About her dainty, dainty waist,
And her heart would beat against me,  In sorrow and in rest:
And I should know if it beat right,
I’d clasp it round so close and tight.
And I would be the necklace,  And all day long to fall and rise
Upon her balmy bosom,  With her laughter or her sighs:
And I would lie so light, so light,
I scarce should be unclasped at night.My Love is like to ice, and I to fire:
How comes it then that this her cold so great
Is not dissolved through my so hot desire,
But harder grows the more I her entreat?
Or how comes it that my exceeding heat
Is not allayed by her heart-frozen cold,
But that I burn much more in boiling sweat,
And feel my flames augmented manifold?
What more miraculous thing may be told,
That fire, which all things melts, should harden ice,
And ice, which is congeal’d with senseless cold,
Should kindle fire by wonderful device?  Such is the power of love in gentle mind,  That it can alter all the course of kind.So oft as I her beauty do behold,
And therewith do her cruelty compare,
I marvel of what substance was the mould
The which her made at once so cruel-fair.
Not earth; for her high thoughts more heavenly are:
Not water; for her love doth burn like fire:
Not air; for she is not so light or rare:
Not fire; for she doth freeze with faint desire.
Then needs another element inquire
Whereof she might be made; that is, the sky.
For to the heaven her haughty looks aspire,
And eke her love is pure immortal high.  Then since to heaven ye likened are the best,  Be like in mercy as in all the rest.Now thou has loved me one whole day, Tomorrow when you leav’st, what wilt thou say? Wilt thou then antedate some new-made vow? ; ;   Or say that now We are not just those persons which we were? Or, that oaths made in reverential fear Of Love, and his wrath, any may forswear? Or, as true deaths true marriages untie, So lovers’ contracts, images of those, Bind but till sleep, death’s image, them unloose? ; ;   Or, your own end to justify, For having purposed change and falsehood, you Can have no way but falsehood to be true? Vain lunatic, against these ‘scapes I could ; ;   Dispute and conquer, if I would, ; ;   Which I abstain to do, For by tomorrow, I may think so too.In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes, For they in thee a thousand errors note; But ‘tis my heart that loves what they despise, Who, in despite of view, is pleased to dote; Nor are mine ears with thy tongue’s tune delighted, Nor tender feeling, to base touches prone, Nor taste, nor smell, desire to be invited To any sensual feast with thee alone: But my five wits nor my five senses can Dissuade one foolish heart from serving thee, Who leaves unswayed the likeness of a man, Thy proud heart’s slave and vassal wretch to be.    Only my plague thus far I count my gain,    That she that makes me sin awards me pain.Why should your fair eyes with such sovereign grace Disperse their rays on every vulgar spirit, Whilst I in darkness in the self-same place Get not one glance to recompense my merit? So doth the ploughman gaze the wandering star, And only rest contented with the light, That never learned what constellations are, Beyond the bent of his unknowing sight, O! why should beauty, custom to obey, To their gross sense apply herself so ill? Would God I were as ignorant as they, When I am made unhappy by my skill; Only compelled on this poor good to boast, Heavens are not kind to them that know them most.After the fierce midsummer all ablaze ;Has burned itself to ashes, and expires ;In the intensity of its own fires, There come the mellow, mild, St. Martin days Crowned with the calm of peace, but sad with haze. ;So after Love has led us, till he tires ;Of his own throes, and torments, and desires, Comes large-eyed friendship: with a restful gaze, He beckons us to follow, and across ;Cool verdant vales we wander free from care. ;Is it a touch of frost lies in the air? Why are we haunted with a sense of loss? We do not wish the pain back, or the heat; And yet, and yet, these days are incomplete.What of her glass without her? The blank gray    There where the pool is blind of the moon’s face.    Her dress without her? The tossed empty space Of cloud-rack whence the moon has passed away. Her paths without her? Day’s appointed sway    Usurped by desolate night. Her pillowed place    Without her? Tears, ah me! for love’s good grace, And cold forgetfulness of night or day. What of the heart without her? Nay, poor heart,    Of thee what word remains ere speech be still?    A wayfarer by barren ways and chill, Steep ways and weary, without her thou art, Where the long cloud, the long wood’s counterpart,    Sheds doubled darkness up the labouring hill.Surprised by joy—impatient as the Wind I turned to share the transport—Oh! with whom But Thee, long buried in the silent Tomb, That spot which no vicissitude can find? Love, faithful love, recalled thee to my mind— But how could I forget thee?—Through what power, Even for the least division of an hour, Have I been so beguiled as to be blind To my most grievous loss!—That thought’s return Was the worst pang that sorrow ever bore, Save one, one only, when I stood forlorn, Knowing my heart’s best treasure was no more; That neither present time, nor years unborn Could to my sight that heavenly face restore.O patient shore, that canst not go to meet
Thy love, the restless sea, how comfortest
Thou all thy loneliness? Art thou at rest,
When, loosing his strong arms from round thy feet,
He turns away? Know’st thou, however sweet
That other shore may be, that to thy breast
He must return? And when in sterner test
He folds thee to a heart which does not beat,
Wraps thee in ice, and gives no smile, no kiss,
To break long wintry days, still dost thou miss
Naught from thy trust? Still, wait, unfaltering,
The higher, warmer waves which leap in spring?
O sweet, wise shore, to be so satisfied!
O heart, learn from the shore! Love has a tide!Thou God, whose high, eternal Love Is the only blue sky of our life, Clear all the Heaven that bends above The life-road of this man and wife. May these two lives be but one note In the world’s strange-sounding harmony, Whose sacred music e’er shall float Through every discord up to Thee. As when from separate stars two beams Unite to form one tender ray: As when two sweet but shadowy dreams Explain each other in the day: So may these two dear hearts one light Emit, and each interpret each. Let an angel come and dwell tonight In this dear double-heart, and teach.O come, soft rest of cares! come, Night! ;   Come, naked Virtue’s only tire, The reapèd harvest of the light ;Bound up in sheaves of sacred fire, ;   Love calls to war: ; ;    Sighs his alarms, ;   Lips his swords are, ; ;    The fields his arms. Come, Night, and lay thy velvet hand ;On glorious Day’s outfacing face; And all thy crownèd flames command ;For torches to our nuptial grace. ;   Love calls to war: ; ;    Sighs his alarms, ;   Lips his swords are, ; ;    The field his arms.O! never say that I was false of heart, Though absence seemed my flame to qualify. As easy might I from myself depart As from my soul, which in thy breast doth lie: That is my home of love; if I have ranged, Like him that travels, I return again, Just to the time, not with the time exchanged, So that myself bring water for my stain. Never believe, though in my nature reigned All frailties that besiege all kinds of blood, That it could so preposterously be stained, To leave for nothing all thy sum of good;    For nothing this wide universe I call,    Save thou, my rose; in it thou art my all.The lowest trees have tops, the ant her gall,  The fly her spleen, the little sparks their heat;
The slender hairs cast shadows, though but small,  And bees have stings, although they be not great;
Seas have their source, and so have shallow springs;
And love is love, in beggars as in kings.
Where rivers smoothest run, deep are the fords;  The dial stirs, yet none perceives it move;
The firmest faith is in the fewest words;  The turtles cannot sing, and yet they love:
True hearts have eyes and ears, no tongues to speak;
They hear and see, and sigh, and then they break.Down by the salley gardens    my love and I did meet; She passed the salley gardens    with little snow-white feet. She bid me take love easy,    as the leaves grow on the tree; But I, being young and foolish,    with her would not agree. In a field by the river    my love and I did stand, And on my leaning shoulder    she laid her snow-white hand. She bid me take life easy,    as the grass grows on the weirs; But I was young and foolish,    and now am full of tears.Come when the nights are bright with stars Or come when the moon is mellow; Come when the sun his golden bars Drops on the hay-field yellow. Come in the twilight soft and gray, Come in the night or come in the day, Come, O love, whene’er you may, And you are welcome, welcome. You are sweet, O Love, dear Love, You are soft as the nesting dove. Come to my heart and bring it to rest As the bird flies home to its welcome nest. Come when my heart is full of grief Or when my heart is merry; Come with the falling of the leaf Or with the redd’ning cherry. Come when the year’s first blossom blows, Come when the summer gleams and glows, Come with the winter’s drifting snows, And you are welcome, welcome.Come and let us live my Deare,
Let us love and never feare,
What the sowrest Fathers say:
Brightest Sol that dies to day
Lives againe as blithe to morrow,
But if we darke sons of sorrow
Set; o then, how long a Night 
Shuts the Eyes of our short light!
Then let amorous kisses dwell
On our lips, begin and tell
A Thousand, and a Hundred, score
An Hundred, and a Thousand more,
Till another Thousand smother
That, and that wipe of another.
Thus at last when we have numbred
Many a Thousand, many a Hundred;
Wee’l confound the reckoning quite,
And lose our selves in wild delight:
While our joyes so multiply,
As shall mocke the envious eye.All trembling in my arms Aminta lay, Defending of the bliss I strove to take; Raising my rapture by her kind delay, Her force so charming was and weak. The soft resistance did betray the grant, While I pressed on the heaven of my desires; Her rising breasts with nimbler motions pant; Her dying eyes assume new fires. Now to the height of languishment she grows, And still her looks new charms put on; Now the last mystery of Love she knows, We sigh, and kiss: I waked, and all was done. ‘Twas but a dream, yet by my heart I knew, Which still was panting, part of it was true: Oh how I strove the rest to have believed; Ashamed and angry to be undeceived!Julia, I bring  To thee this ring,
Made for thy finger fit;  To show by this  That our love is
(Or should be) like to it.  Close though it be,  The joint is free;
So when Love’s yoke is on,  It must not gall,  Or fret at all
With hard oppression.  But it must play  Still either way,
And be, too, such a yoke  As not too wide  To overslide,
Or be so strait to choke.  So we who bear  This beam must rear
Ourselves to such a height  As that the stay  Of either may
Create the burden light.  And as this round  Is nowhere found
To flaw, or else to sever;  So let our love  As endless prove,
And pure as gold for ever.She stood breast high amid the corn,
Clasped by the golden light of morn,
Like the sweetheart of the sun,
Who many a glowing kiss had won.
On her cheek an autumn flush,
Deeply ripened;—such a blush
In the midst of brown was born,
Like red poppies grown with corn.
Round her eyes her tresses fell,
Which were blackest none could tell,
But long lashes veiled a light,
That had else been all too bright.
And her hat, with shady brim,
Made her tressy forehead dim;—
Thus she stood amid the stooks,
Praising God with sweetest looks:—
Sure, I said, heaven did not mean,
Where I reap thou shouldst but glean,
Lay thy sheaf adown and come,
Share my harvest and my home.Love, meet me in the green glen,  Beside the tall elm-tree,
Where the sweetbriar smells so sweet agen;  There come with me.   Meet me in the green glen.
Meet me at the sunset  Down in the green glen,
Where we’ve often met  By hawthorn-tree and foxes’ den,   Meet me in the green glen.
Meet me in the green glen,  By sweetbriar bushes there;
Meet me by your own sen,  Where the wild thyme blossoms fair.   Meet me in the green glen.
Meet me by the sweetbriar,  By the mole-hill swelling there;
When the west glows like a fire  God’s crimson bed is there.   Meet me in the green glen.I know that all beneath the moon decays,
And what by mortals in this world is brought,
In Time’s great periods shall return to nought;
That fairest states have fatal nights and days;
I know how all the Muse’s heavenly lays,
With toil of spright which are so dearly bought,
As idle sounds of few or none are sought,
And that nought lighter is than airy praise.
I know frail beauty like the purple flower,
To which one morn oft birth and death affords;
That love a jarring is of minds’ accords,
Where sense and will invassal reason’s power:
Know what I list, this all can not me move,
But that, O me! I both must write and love.How can I keep my maidenhead, ;My maidenhead, my maidenhead; How can I keep my maidenhead, ;Among sae mony men, O. The Captain bad a guinea for’t, ;A guinea for’t, a guinea for’t, The Captain bad a guinea for’t, ;The Colonel he bad ten, O. But I’ll do as my minnie did, ;My minnie did, my minnie did, But I’ll do as my minnie did, ;For siller I’ll hae nane, O. I’ll gie it to a bonie lad, ;A bonie lad, a bonie lad; I’ll gie it to a bonie lad, ;For just as gude again, O. An auld moulie maidenhead, ;A maidenhead, a maidenhead; An auld moulie maidenhead, ;The weary wark I ken, O. The stretchin’ o’t, the strivin’ o’t, ;The borin o’t, the rivin’ o’t, And ay the double drivin o’t, ;The farther ye gang ben, O.John Anderson my jo, John, ;When we were first acquent, Your locks were like the raven, ;  Your bonie brow was brent; But now your brow is beld, John, ;  Your locks are like the snaw, but blessings on your frosty pow, ;  John Anderson, my jo! John Anderson my jo, John, ;  We clamb the hill thegither, And monie a cantie day, John, ;  We've had wi' ane anither; Now we maun totter down, John, ;  And hand in hand we'll go, And sleep thegither at the foot, ;  John Anderson, my jo!I
Why should a foolish marriage vow,  Which long ago was made,
Oblige us to each other now,  When passion is decayed?
We loved, and we loved, as long as we could,  Till our love was loved out in us both;
But our marriage is dead, when the pleasure is fled:
’Twas pleasure first made it an oath. ; ; ;II
If I have pleasures for a friend,  And further love in store,
What wrong has he, whose joys did end,  And who could give no more?
’Tis a madness that he should be jealous of me, Or that I should bar him of another:
For all we can gain, is to give ourselves pain,  When neither can hinder the other.We stood by a pond that winter day,
And the sun was white, as though chidden of God,
And a few leaves lay on the starving sod; ; – They had fallen from an ash, and were gray.
Your eyes on me were as eyes that rove
Over tedious riddles of years ago;
And some words played between us to and fro ; On which lost the more by our love.
The smile on your mouth was the deadest thing
Alive enough to have strength to die;
And a grin of bitterness swept thereby ; Like an ominous bird a-wing….
Since then, keen lessons that love deceives,
And wrings with wrong, have shaped to me
Your face, and the God curst sun, and a tree, ; And a pond edged with grayish leaves.You did not come,
And marching Time drew on, and wore me numb,—
Yet less for loss of your dear presence there
Than that I thus found lacking in your make
That high compassion which can overbear
Reluctance for pure lovingkindness’ sake
Grieved I, when, as the hope-hour stroked its sum, ; You did not come. ; You love not me,
And love alone can lend you loyalty;
–I know and knew it. But, unto the store
Of human deeds divine in all but name,
Was it not worth a little hour or more
To add yet this: Once you, a woman, came
To soothe a time-torn man; even though it be ; You love not me?Pack, clouds away! and welcome day!   With night we banish sorrow;
Sweet air, blow soft, mount larks aloft   To give my love good-morrow!
Wings from the wind to please her mind,   Notes from the lark I’ll borrow;
Bird, prune thy wing, nightingale, sing,   To give my love good-morrow;   To give my love good-morrow;   Notes from them both I’ll borrow.
Wake from thy nest, Robin Redbreast,    Sing birds in every furrow;
And from each hill, let music shrill   Give my fair love good-morrow!
Blackbird and thrush in every bush,   Stare, linnet, and cock-sparrow!
You pretty elves, amongst yourselves,   Sing my fair love good-morrow;   To give my love good-morrow,   Sing birds in every furrow.I remember a house where all were good    To me, God knows, deserving no such thing:    Comforting smell breathed at very entering, Fetched fresh, as I suppose, off some sweet wood. That cordial air made those kind people a hood    All over, as a bevy of eggs the mothering wing    Will, or mild nights the new morsels of Spring: Why, it seemed of course; seemed of right it should. Lovely the woods, waters, meadows, combes, vales, All the air things wear that build this world of Wales;    Only the inmate does not correspond: God, lover of souls, swaying considerate scales, Complete thy creature dear O where it fails,    Being mighty a master, being a father and fond.And what is love? It is a doll dress’d up
For idleness to cosset, nurse, and dandle;
A thing of soft misnomers, so divine
That silly youth doth think to make itself
Divine by loving, and so goes on 
Yawning and doting a whole summer long,
Till Miss’s comb is made a pearl tiara,
And common Wellingtons turn Romeo boots;
Then Cleopatra lives at number seven,
And Antony resides in Brunswick Square.
Fools! if some passions high have warm’d the world,
If Queens and Soldiers have play’d deep for hearts, 
It is no reason why such agonies
Should be more common than the growth of weeds.
Fools! make me whole again that weighty pearl
The Queen of Egypt melted, and I’ll say 
That ye may love in spite of beaver hats.The day is gone, and all its sweets are gone!  Sweet voice, sweet lips, soft hand, and softer breast,
Warm breath, light whisper, tender semi-tone,  Bright eyes, accomplish’d shape, and lang’rous waist!
Faded the flower and all its budded charms,  Faded the sight of beauty from my eyes,
Faded the shape of beauty from my arms,  Faded the voice, warmth, whiteness, paradise –
Vanish’d unseasonably at shut of eve,  When the dusk holiday – or holinight
Of fragrant-curtain’d love begins to weave  The woof of darkness thick, for hid delight,
But, as I’ve read love’s missal through to-day,
He’ll let me sleep, seeing I fast and pray.As Hermes once took to his feathers light,   When lulled Argus, baffled, swoon’d and slept,
So on a Delphic reed, my idle spright   So play’d, so charm’d, so conquer’d, so bereft
The dragon-world of all its hundred eyes;   And seeing it asleep, so fled away,
Not to pure Ida with its snow-cold skies,   Nor unto Tempe where Jove griev’d that day;
But to that second circle of sad Hell,   Where in the gust, the whirlwind, and the flaw
Of rain and hail-stones, lovers need not tell   Their sorrows—pale were the sweet lips I saw,
Pale were the lips I kiss’d, and fair the form
I floated with, about that melancholy storm.Their sense is with their senses all mixed in,
Destroyed by subtleties these women are!
More brain, O Lord, more brain! or we shall mar
Utterly this fair garden we might win.
Behold! I looked for peace, and thought it near.
Our inmost hearts had opened, each to each.
We drank the pure daylight of honest speech.
Alas! that was the fatal draught, I fear.
For when of my lost Lady came the word, 
This woman, O this agony of flesh!
Jealous devotion bade her break the mesh,
That I might seek that other like a bird.
I do adore the nobleness! despise 
The act! She has gone forth, I know not where.
Will the hard world my sentience of her share?
I feel the truth; so let the world surmise.He found her by the ocean’s moaning verge,
Nor any wicked change in her discerned;
And she believed his old love had returned,
Which was her exultation, and her scourge.
She took his hand, and walked with him, and seemed
The wife he sought, though shadow-like and dry.
She had one terror, lest her heart should sigh,
And tell her loudly that she no longer dreamed.
She dared not say, ‘This is my breast: look in.’
But there’s a strength to help the desperate weak.
That night he learned how silence best can speak
The awful things when Pity pleads for Sin.
About the middle of the night her call 
Was heard, and he came wondering to the bed.
‘Now kiss me, dear! it may be, now!’ she said.
Lethe had passed those lips, and he knew all.He felt the wild beast in him betweenwhiles
So masterfully rude, that he would grieve
To see the helpless delicate thing receive
His guardianship through certain dark defiles.
Had he not teeth to rend, and hunger too?
But still he spared her. Once: ‘Have you no fear?’
He said: ’twas dusk; she in his grasp; none near.
She laughed: ‘No, surely; am I not with you?’
And uttering that soft starry ‘you,’ she leaned
Her gentle body near him, looking up;
And from her eyes, as from a poison-cup,
He drank until the flittering eyelids screened.
Devilish malignant witch! and oh, young beam
Of heaven’s circle-glory! Here they shape
To squeeze like an intoxicating grape – 
I might, and yet thou goest safe, supreme.Yet it was plain she struggled, and that salt
Of righteous feeling made her pitiful.
Poor twisting worm, so queenly beautiful!
Where came the cleft between us? whose the fault?
My tears are on thee, that have rarely dropped
As balm for any bitter wound of mine:
My breast will open for thee at a sign!
But, no: we are two reed-pipes, coarsely stopped:
The God once filled them with his mellow breath;
And they were music till he flung them down,
Used! used! Hear now the discord-loving clown
Puff his gross spirit in them, worse than death!
I do not know myself without thee more:
In this unholy battle I grow base:
If the same soul be under the same face, 
Speak, and a taste of that old time restore!Alas, so all things now do hold their peace!    Heaven and earth disturbèd in no thing; The beasts, the air, the birds their song do cease,    The nightès car the stars about doth bring; Calm is the sea; the waves work less and less:    So am not I, whom love, alas! doth wring, Bringing before my face the great increase    Of my desires, whereat I weep and sing, In joy and woe, as in a doubtful case.    For my sweet thoughts sometime do pleasure bring: But by and by, the cause of my disease    Gives me a pang that inwardly doth sting, When that I think what grief it is again To live and lack the thing should rid my pain.When my love swears that she is made of truth, I do believe her, though I know she lies, That she might think me some untutored youth, Unlearnèd in the world’s false subtleties. Thus vainly thinking that she thinks me young, Although she knows my days are past the best, Simply I credit her false-speaking tongue: On both sides thus is simple truth suppressed. But wherefore says she not she is unjust? And wherefore say not I that I am old? Oh, love’s best habit is in seeming trust, And age in love loves not to have years told. ;Therefore I lie with her and she with me, ;And in our faults by lies we flattered be.To me, fair friend, you never can be old, For as you were when first your eye I eyed, Such seems your beauty still. Three winters cold Have from the forests shook three summers’ pride, Three beauteous springs to yellow autumn turned In process of the seasons have I seen, Three April perfumes in three hot Junes burned, Since first I saw you fresh, which yet are green. Ah, yet doth beauty, like a dial-hand, Steal from his figure, and no pace perceived; So your sweet hue, which methinks still doth stand, Hath motion, and mine eye may be deceived: For fear of which, hear this, thou age unbred: Ere you were born was beauty’s summer dead.Being your slave, what should I do but tend Upon the hours and times of your desire? I have no precious time at all to spend, Nor services to do, till you require. Nor dare I chide the world-without-end hour Whilst I, my sovereign, watch the clock for you. Nor think the bitterness of absence sour When you have bid your servant once adieu; Nor dare I question with my jealous thought Where you may be, or your affairs suppose, But like a sad slave, stay and think of nought, Save, where you are how happy you make those. So true a fool is love that in your will Though you do anything, he thinks no ill.There was a graven image of Desire ;  Painted with red blood on a ground of gold ;  Passing between the young men and the old, And by him Pain, whose body shone like fire, And Pleasure with gaunt hands that grasped their hire. ;  Of his left wrist, with fingers clenched and cold, ;  The insatiable Satiety kept hold, Walking with feet unshod that pashed the mire. The senses and the sorrows and the sins, ;  And the strange loves that suck the breasts of Hate Till lips and teeth bite in their sharp indenture, Followed like beasts with flap of wings and fins. ;  Death stood aloof behind a gaping grate, Upon whose lock was written Peradventure.In that proud port, which her so goodly graceth, 
Whiles her faire face she reares up to the skie: 
And to the ground her eie lids low embaseth 
Most goodly temperature ye may descry, 
Myld humblesse mixt with awfull majesty, 
For looking on the earth whence she was borne: 
Her minde remembreth her mortalitie, 
What so is fayrest shall to earth returne. 
But that same lofty countenance seemes to scorne 
Base thing, and thinke how she to heaven may clime: 
Treading downe earth as lothsome and forlorne, 
That hinders heavenly thoughts with drossy slime. 
Yet lowly still vouchsafe to looke on me, 
Such lowlinesse shall make you lofty be.Not at first sight, nor with a dribbèd shot,    Love gave the wound which while I breathe will bleed:    But known worth did in mine of time proceed, Till by degrees it had full conquest got. I saw, and liked; I liked, but lovèd not;    I loved, but straight did not what love decreed:    At length to love’s decrees I, forced, agreed, Yet with repining at so partial lot.    Now even that footstep of lost liberty Is gone, and now like slave-born Muscovite I call it praise to suffer tyranny; And now employ the remnant of my wit    To make myself believe that all is well,    While with a feeling skill I paint my hell.It is most true, that eyes are formed to serve The inward light; and that the heavenly part Ought to be king, from whose rules who do swerve, Rebels to Nature, strive for their own smart. ;It is most true, what we call Cupid’s dart, An image is, which for ourselves we carve; And, fools, adore in temple of our heart, Till that good god make Church and churchman starve. ;True, that true beauty virtue is indeed, Whereof this beauty can be but a shade, Which elements with mortal mixture breed; True, that on earth we are but pilgrims made, ;And should in soul up to our country move; True; and yet true, that I must Stella love.Stella is sick, and in that sick-bed lies Sweetness, that breathes and pants as oft as she; And grace, sick too, such fine conclusions tries That sickness brags itself best graced to be. ;Beauty is sick, but sick in so fair guise That in that paleness beauty’s white we see; And joy, which is inseparate from these eyes, Stella now learns (strange case!) to weep in thee.    Love moves thy pain, and like a faithful page, As thy looks stir, runs up and down, to make All folks prest at thy will thy pain to assuage; Nature with care sweats for her darling’s sake,    Knowing worlds pass, ere she enough can find    Of such heaven stuff, to clothe so heavenly mind.Where be the roses gone, which sweetened so our eyes? ;Where those red cheeks, which oft with fair increase did frame ;The height of honor in the kindly badge of shame? Who hath the crimson weeds stolen from my morning skies? How doth the color vade of those vermilion dyes, ;Which Nature's self did make, and self engrained the same! ;I would know by what right this paleness overcame That hue, whose force my heart still unto thraldom ties? ;Galen's adoptive sons, who by a beaten way ;Their judgements hackney on, the fault on sickness lay; But feeling proof makes me say they mistake it far: ;It is but love, which makes his paper perfect white ;To write therein more fresh the story of delight, Whiles beauty's reddest ink Venus for him doth stir.O absent presence, Stella is not here; ;False flattering hope, that with so fair a face ;Bare me in hand, that in this orphan place Stella, I say my Stella, should appear. What say’st thou now? Where is that dainty cheer ;Thou told’st mine eyes should help their famished case? ;But thou art gone, now that self-felt disgrace Doth make me most to wish thy comfort near. ;But here I do store of fair ladies meet, ;Who may with charm of conversation sweet Make in my heavy mould new thoughts to grow: ;Sure they prevail as much with me, as he ;That bade his friend, but then new maimed, to be Merry with him, and not think of his woe.Unto the boundless Ocean of thy beauty Runs this poor river, charged with streams of zeal: Returning thee the tribute of my duty, Which here my love, my youth, my plaints reveal. Here I unclasp the book of my charged soul, Where I have cast th'accounts of all my care: Here have I summed my sighs, here I enroll How they were spent for thee; look what they are. Look on the dear expenses of my youth, And see how just I reckon with thine eyes: Examine well thy beauty with my truth, And cross my cares ere greater sum arise. Read it sweet maid, though it be done but slightly; Who can show all his love, doth love but lightly.But love whilst that thou mayst be loved again, Now whilst thy May hath filled thy lap with flowers, Now whilst thy beauty bears without a stain, Now use the summer smiles, ere winter lowers. And whilst thou spread’st unto the rising sun The fairest flower that ever saw the light, Now joy thy time before thy sweet be done, And, Delia, think thy morning must have night, And that thy brightness sets at length to west, When thou wilt close up that which now thou shew’st; And think the same becomes thy fading best Which then shall most inveil and shadow most. Men do not weigh the stalk for what it was, When once they find her flower, her glory, pass.When forty winters shall besiege thy brow And dig deep trenches in thy beauty’s field, Thy youth’s proud livery, so gazed on now, Will be a tattered weed, of small worth held. Then being asked where all thy beauty lies— Where all the treasure of thy lusty days— To say within thine own deep-sunken eyes Were an all-eating shame and thriftless praise. How much more praise deserved thy beauty’s use  If thou couldst answer "This fair child of mine Shall sum my count and make my old excuse",  Proving his beauty by succession thine. ;This were to be new made when thou art old, ;And see thy blood warm when thou feel’st it cold.A woman’s face with nature’s own hand painted Hast thou, the master-mistress of my passion; A woman’s gentle heart, but not acquainted With shifting change as is false women’s fashion; An eye more bright than theirs, less false in rolling, Gilding the object whereupon it gazeth; A man in hue, all hues in his controlling, Which steals men’s eyes and women’s souls amazeth. And for a woman wert thou first created, Till nature as she wrought thee fell a-doting, And by addition me of thee defeated By adding one thing to my purpose nothing. ;  But since she pricked thee out for women's pleasure, ;  Mine be thy love and thy love’s use their treasure.Take all my loves, my love, yea, take them all: What hast thou then more than thou hadst before? No love, my love, that thou mayst true love call— All mine was thine before thou hadst this more. Then if for my love thou my love receivest, I cannot blame thee for my love thou usest; But yet be blamed if thou this self deceivest By wilful taste of what thyself refusest. I do forgive thy robb’ry, gentle thief, Although thou steal thee all my poverty; And yet love knows it is a greater grief To bear love’s wrong than hate’s known injury. ;Lascivious grace, in whom all ill well shows, ;Kill me with spites, yet we must not be foes.The weary yeare his race now having run, 
The new begins his compast course anew: 
With shew of morning mylde he hath begun, 
Betokening peace and plenty to ensew.
So let us, which this chaunge of weather vew, 
Chaunge eeke our mynds and former lives amend,
The old yeares sinnes forepast let us eschew, 
And fly the faults with which we did offend. 
Then shall the new yeares joy forth freshly send, 
Into the glooming world his gladsome ray: 
And all these stormes which now his beauty blend, 
Shall turne to caulmes and tymely cleare away. 
So likewise love cheare you your heavy spright, 
And chaunge old yeares annoy to new delight.To all those happy blessings which ye have, 
With plenteous hand by heaven upon you thrown: 
This one disparagement they to you gave, 
That ye your love lent to so meane a one. 
Yee whose high worths surpassing paragon, 
Could not on earth have found one fit for mate, 
Ne but in heaven matchable to none, 
Why did ye stoup unto so lowly state. 
But ye thereby much greater glory gate, 
Then had ye sorted with a princes pere: 
For now your light doth more it selfe dilate, 
And in my darknesse greater doth appeare. 
Yet since your light hath once enlumind me, 
With my reflex yours shall encreased be.The glass door was spinning panes like an open book. A suit the color of sky close to night, wire of eyeglasses a gold moon. He bowed as if judicial and called a French name. Glasses were filled with ice the color of amber. We were in America. He asked me to take his hands. They are cold, he said. I warmed his cold hands as we sat on the rouge banquette. It was the last May of the century. His eyes looked at my face. His hand fell to the glacier of my thigh and held on. My gold tail swam dark green water, the ocean smelled of gardenia. Outside on the avenue people scurried to their palaces, wearing sunglasses, carrying shiny bags.Ah, fading joy, how quickly art thou past! ;  Yet we thy ruin haste. As if the cares of human life were few, ;  We seek out new: And follow fate, which would too fast pursue. See how on every bough the birds express ;  In their sweet notes their happiness. ;  They all enjoy and nothing spare; But on their mother nature lay their care. Why then should man, the lord of all below, ;  Such troubles choose to know As none of all his subjects undergo? Hark, hark, the waters fall, fall, fall, ;  And with a murmuring sound ;  Dash, dash upon the ground, ; ;To gentle slumbers call.A thousand martyrs I have made,    All sacrificed to my desire; A thousand beauties have betrayed,    That languish in resistless fire. The untamed heart to hand I brought, And fixed the wild and wandering thought. I never vowed nor sighed in vain    But both, though false, were well received. The fair are pleased to give us pain,    And what they wish is soon believed. And though I talked of wounds and smart, Love’s pleasures only touched my heart. Alone the glory and the spoil    I always laughing bore away; The triumphs, without pain or toil,    Without the hell, the heav’n of joy. And while I thus at random rove Despise the fools that whine for love.Ancient person, for whom I
All the flattering youth defy,
Long be it ere thou grow old,
Aching, shaking, crazy, cold;  But still continue as thou art,  Ancient person of my heart.
On thy withered lips and dry,
Which like barren furrows lie,
Brooding kisses I will pour
Shall thy youthful [heat] restore
(Such kind showers in autumn fall,
And a second spring recall);  Nor from thee will ever part,  Ancient person of my heart.
Thy nobler part, which but to name
In our sex would be counted shame,
By age’s frozen grasp possessed,
From [his] ice shall be released,
And soothed by my reviving hand,
In former warmth and vigor stand.
All a lover’s wish can reach
For thy joy my love shall teach,
And for they pleasure shall improve
All that art can add to love.  Yet still I love thee without art,  Ancient person of my heart.from Sonnets, First Series ; ; ; VI
Dank fens of cedar; hemlock-branches gray
With trees and trail of mosses, wringing-wet;
Beds of the black pitchpine in dead leaves set
Whose wasted red has wasted to white away;
Remnants of rain and droppings of decay, —
Why hold ye so my heart, nor dimly let
Through your deep leaves the light of yesterday,
The faded glimmer of a sunshine set?
Is it that in your darkness, shut from strife,
The bread of tears becomes the bread of life?
Far from the roar of day, beneath your boughs
Fresh griefs beat tranquilly, and loves and vows
Grow green in your gray shadows, dearer far
Even than all lovely lights and roses are?Out of your whole life give but one moment!
All of your life that has gone before,
All to come after it, – so you ignore,
So you make perfect the present, – condense,
In a rapture of rage, for perfection’s endowment,
Thought and feeling and soul and sense –
Merged in a moment which gives me at last
You around me for once, you beneath me, above me – 
Me – sure that despite of time future, time past, –
This tick of our life-time’s one moment you love me!
How long such suspension may linger? Ah, Sweet –
The moment eternal – just that and no more – 
When ecstasy’s utmost we clutch at the core
While cheeks burn, arms open, eyes shut and lips meet!Let’s call for Hymen if agreed thou art – 
Delays in love but crucify the heart.
Love’s thorny tapers yet neglected lie;
Speak thou the word, they’ll kindle by and by.
The nimble hours woo us on to wed,
And Genius waits to have us both to bed.
Behold, for us the naked Graces stay
With maunds of roses for us to strew the way.
Besides, the most religious prophet stands
Ready to join as well our hearts as hands.
June yet smiles; but if she chance to chide,
Ill luck ’twill bode to th’bridegroom and the bride.
Tell me Anthea, dost thou fondly dread
The loss of that we call a maidenhead?
Come, I’ll instruct thee. Know, the vestal fire
Is not by marriage quenched, but flames the higher.Of like importance is the posture too, In which the genial feat of Love we do: For as the females of the four foot kind, Receive the leapings of their Males behind; So the good Wives, with loins uplifted high, And leaning on their hands the fruitful stroke may try: For in that posture will they best conceive: Not when supinely laid they frisk and heave; For active motions only break the blow, And more of Strumpets than of Wives they show; When answering stroke with stroke, the mingled liquors flow. Endearments eager, and too brisk a bound, Throws off the Plow-share from the furrow’d ground. But common Harlots in conjunction heave, Because ’tis less their business to conceive Than to delight, and to provoke the deed; A trick which honest Wives but little need.Down, wanton, down! Have you no shame That at the whisper of Love’s name, Or Beauty’s, presto! up you raise Your angry head and stand at gaze? Poor Bombard-captain, sworn to reach The ravelin and effect a breach –   Indifferent what you storm or why, So be that in the breach you die! Love may be blind, but Love at least Knows what is man and what mere beast; Or Beauty wayward, but requires More delicacy from her squires. Tell me, my witless, whose one boast Could be your staunchness at the post, When were you made a man of parts To think fine and profess the arts? Will many-gifted Beauty come Bowing to your bald rule of thumb, Or Love swear loyalty to your crown? Be gone, have done! Down, wanton, down!Yield prompt compliance to the maid’s desires;
A prompt compliance fans the lover’s fires:
Go pleas’d where’er she goes, tho’ long the way,
Tho’ the fierce Dog-star dart his sultry ray;
Tho’ painted Iris gird the bluish sky,
And sure portends, that rattling storms are nigh:
Or, if the fair one pant for sylvan fame,
Gay drag the meshes, and provoke the game:
Nay, should she choose to risk the driving gale;
Or steer, or row, or agile hand the sail:
No toil, tho’ weak, tho’ fearful, thou forbear;
No toils should tire you, and no dangers scare:
Occasion smiles, then snatch an ardent kiss;
The coy may struggle, but will grant the bliss:
The bliss obtain’d, the fictious struggle past,
Unbid, they’ll clasp you in their arms at last.after Sappho    Yea, thou shalt be forgotten like spilt wine, Except these kisses of my lips on thine Brand them with immortality; but me – Men shall not see bright fire nor hear the sea, Nor mix their hearts with music, nor behold Cast forth of heaven, with feet of awful gold And plumeless wings that make the bright air blind, Lightning, with thunder for a hound behind Hunting through fields unfurrowed and unsown, But in the light and laughter, in the moan And music, and in grasp of lip and hand And shudder of water that makes felt on land The immeasurable tremor of all the sea, Memories shall mix and metaphors of me.From you have I been absent in the spring, When proud-pied April, dressed in all his trim, Hath put a spirit of youth in everything, That heavy Saturn laughed and leaped with him. Yet nor the lays of birds, nor the sweet smell Of different flowers in odour and in hue, Could make me any summer’s story tell, Or from their proud lap pluck them where they grew: Nor did I wonder at the lily’s white, Nor praise the deep vermilion in the rose; They were but sweet, but figures of delight Drawn after you, – you pattern of all those. ;Yet seem’d it winter still, and, you away, ;As with your shadow I with these did play.To Proverbs    As Love and I, late harbour’d in one inn, With proverbs thus each other entertain: In love there is no lack, thus I begin, Fair words make fools, replieth he again; Who spares to speak, doth spare to speed (quoth I), As well (saith he) too forward, as too slow; Fortune assists the boldest, I reply, A hasty man (quoth he) ne’er wanted woe; Labour is light, where love (quoth I) doth pay, (Saith he) light burthen’s heavy, if far born; (Quoth I) the main lost, cast the bye away; You have spun a fair thread, he replies in scorn. ;And having thus awhile each other thwarted, ;Fools as we met, so fools again we parted.Lying asleep between the strokes of night ;I saw my love lean over my sad bed, ;Pale as the duskiest lily’s leaf or head, Smooth-skinned and dark, with bare throat made to bite, Too wan for blushing and too warm for white, ;But perfect-coloured without white or red. ;And her lips opened amorously, and said – I wist not what, saving one word – Delight. And all her face was honey to my mouth, ;And all her body pasture to mine eyes; ; ;The long lithe arms and hotter hands than fire, The quivering flanks, hair smelling of the south, ;The bright light feet, the splendid supple thighs ; ;And glittering eyelids of my soul’s desire.Ask me no more where Jove bestows, When June is past, the fading rose; For in your beauty’s orient deep These flowers, as in their causes, sleep. Ask me no more whither do stray The golden atoms of the day; For in pure love heaven did prepare Those powders to enrich your hair. Ask me no more whither doth haste The nightingale, when May is past; For in your sweet dividing throat She winters, and keeps warm her note. Ask me no more where those stars ’light, That downwards fall in dead of night; For in your eyes they sit, and there Fixed become, as in their sphere. Ask me no more if east or west The phoenix builds her spicy nest; For unto you at last she flies, And in your fragrant bosom dies.Oh, how the hand the lover ought to prize   ’Bove any one peculiar grace!
While he is dying for the eyes   And doting on the lovely face,
The unconsid’ring little knows
How much he to this beauty owes.
That, when the lover absent is,   Informs him of his mistress’ heart;
’Tis that which gives him all his bliss   When dear love-secrets ’twill impart:
That plights the faith the maid bestows,
And that confirms the tim’rous vows.
’Tis that betrays the tenderness   Which the too bashful tongue denies;
’Tis that which does the heart confess,   And spares the language of the eyes;
’Tis that which treasure gives so vast,
Ev’n Iris ’twill to Damon give at last.Our oneness is the wrestlers’, fierce and close,   Thrusting and thrust;
One life in dual effort for one prize,—   We fight, and must;
For soul with soul does battle evermore   Till love be trust.
Our distance is love’s severance; sense divides,   Each is but each;
Never the very hidden spirit of thee   My life doth reach;
Twain! Since love athwart the gulf that needs   Kisses and speech.
Ah! wrestle closelier! we draw nearer so   Than any bliss
Can bring twain souls who would be whole and one,   Too near to kiss:
To be one thought, one voice before we die,—   Wrestle for this.Beloved, thou hast brought me many flowers   Plucked in the garden, all the summer through   And winter, and it seemed as if they grew
In this close room, nor missed the sun and showers,
So, in the like name of that love of ours,   Take back these thoughts which here unfolded too,   And which on warm and cold days I withdrew
From my heart’s ground. Indeed, those beds and bowers   Be overgrown with bitter weeds and rue,
And wait thy weeding; yet here’s eglantine,   Here’s ivy!— take them, as I used to do
Thy flowers, and keep them where they shall not pine.   Instruct thine eyes to keep their colours true,
And tell thy soul, their roots are left in mine.I lift my heavy heart up solemnly, As once Electra her sepulchral urn, And, looking in thine eyes, I overturn The ashes at thy feet. Behold and see What a great heap of grief lay hid in me, And how the red wild sparkles dimly burn Through the ashen greyness. If thy foot in scorn Could tread them out to darkness utterly, It might be well perhaps. But if instead Thou wait beside me for the wind to blow The grey dust up,... those laurels on thine head, O My beloved, will not shield thee so, That none of all the fires shall scorch and shred The hair beneath. Stand further off then! Go.Would but indulgent Fortune send
To me a kind, and faithful Friend,
One who to Virtue’s Laws is true,
And does her nicest Rules pursue;
One Pious, Lib’ral, Just and Brave,
And to his Passions not a Slave;
Who full of Honour, void of Pride,
Will freely praise, and freely chide;
But not indulge the smallest Fault,
Nor entertain one slighting Thought:
Who still the same will ever prove,
Will still instruct and still will love:
In whom I safely may confide,
And with him all my Cares divide:
Who has a large capacious Mind,
Join’d with a Knowledge unconfin’d:
A Reason bright, a Judgement true,
A Wit both quick, and solid too:
Who can of all things talk with Ease,
And whose Converse will ever please:
Who charm’d with Wit, and inward Graces,
Despises Fools with tempting Faces;
And still a beauteous Mind does prize
Above the most enchanting Eyes:
I would not envy Queens their State,
Nor once desire a happier Fate.Why, Damon, why, why, why so pressing?
The Heart you beg’s not worth possessing:
Each Look, each Word, each Smile’s affected,
And inward Charms are quite neglected:   Then scorn her, scorn her, foolish Swain,   And sigh no more, no more in vain.
Beauty’s worthless, fading, flying;
Who would for Trifles think of dying?
Who for a Face, a Shape, wou’d languish,
And tell the Brooks, and Groves his Anguish,   Till she, till she thinks fit to prize him,   And all, and all beside despise him?
Fix, fix your Thoughts on what’s inviting,
On what will never bear the slighting:
Wit and Virtue claim your Duty,
They’re much more worth than Gold and Beauty:   To them, to them, your Heart resign,   And you’ll no more, no more repine.Could you come back to me, Douglas, Douglas,
In the old likeness that I knew,
I would be so faithful, so loving, Douglas,
Douglas, Douglas, tender and true.
Never a scornful word should grieve ye,
I’d smile on ye sweet as the angels do,—
Sweet as your smile on me shone ever,
Douglas, Douglas, tender and true.
Oh, to call back the days that are not!
My eyes were blinded, your words were few;
Do you know the truth now up in heaven,
Douglas, Douglas, tender and true?
I never was worthy of you, Douglas;
Not half worthy the like of you:
Now all men beside seem to me like shadows—
I love you, Douglas, tender and true.
Stretch out your hand to me, Douglas, Douglas,
Drop forgiveness from heaven like dew;
As I lay my heart on your dead heart, Douglas,
Douglas, Douglas, tender and true.There is a strong wall about me to protect me: It is built of the words you have said to me. There are swords about me to keep me safe: They are the kisses of your lips. Before me goes a shield to guard me from harm: It is the shadow of your arms between me and danger. All the wishes of my mind know your name, And the white desires of my heart They are acquainted with you. The cry of my body for completeness, That is a cry to you. My blood beats out your name to me, ;unceasing, pitiless Your name, your name.A Scholar first my Love implor’d,
And then an empty, titled Lord;
The Pedant talk’d in lofty Strains;
Alas! his Lordship wanted Brains:
I list’ned not, to one or t’other,
But straight referr’d them to my Mother.
A Poet next my Love assail’d,
A Lawyer hop’d to have prevail’d;
The Bard too much approv’d himself,
The Lawyer thirsted after Pelf:
I list’ned not, to one or t’other,
But still referr’d them to my Mother.
An Officer my Heart wou’d storm,
A Miser, sought me too, in Form;
But Mars was over-free and bold,
The miser’s Heart was in his Gold:
I list’ned not, to one or t’other,
Referring still unto my Mother.
And after them, some twenty more,
Successless were, as those before;
When Damon, lovely Damon came!
Our Hearts strait felt a mutual Flame;
I vow’d I’d have him, and no other,
Without referring, to my Mother.Farewell my dearer half, joy of my heart,
Heaven only knows how loth I am to part:
Whole Months but hours seem, when you are here,
When absent, every Minute is a Year:
Might I but always see thy charming Face,
I’de live on Racks, and wish no easier place.
But we must part, your Interest says we must;
Fate, me no longer with such Treasure trust.
I wou’d not tax you with Inconstancy,
Yet Strephon, you are not so kind as I:
No Interest, no nor Fate it self has pow’r
To tempt me from the Idol I adore:
But since you needs will go, may Africk be
Kinder to you, than Europe is to me:
May all you meet and every thing you view
Give you such Transport as I met in you.
May no sad thoughts disturb your quiet mind,
Except you’l think of her you left behind.When last we parted, thou wert young and fair,   How beautiful let fond remembrance say!   Alas! since then old time has stolen away
Full thirty years, leaving my temples bare.—
So has it perished like a thing of air,   The dream of love and youth!— now both are grey   Yet still remembering that delightful day,
Though time with his cold touch has blanched my hair,   Though I have suffered many years of pain
Since then, though I did never think to live   To hear that voice or see those eyes again,
I can a sad but cordial greeting give,
And for thy welfare breathe as warm a prayer—
As when I loved thee young and fair.This to the crown and blessing of my life,
The much loved husband of a happy wife;
To him whose constant passion found the art
To win a stubborn and ungrateful heart,
And to the world by tenderest proof discovers
They err, who say that husbands can’t be lovers.
With such return of passion as is due,
Daphnis I love, Daphnis my thoughts pursue;
Daphnis my hopes and joys are bounded all in you.
Even I, for Daphnis’ and my promise’ sake,
What I in women censure, undertake.
But this from love, not vanity, proceeds;
You know who writes, and I who ’tis that reads.
Judge not my passion by my want of skill:
Many love well, though they express it ill;
And I your censure could with pleasure bear,
Would you but soon return, and speak it here.O King of terrors, whose unbounded sway
All that have life must certainly obey;
The King, the Priest, the Prophet, all are thine,
Nor would ev’n God (in flesh) thy stroke decline.
My name is on thy roll, and sure I must
Increase thy gloomy kingdom in the dust.
My soul at this no apprehension feels,
But trembles at thy swords, thy racks, thy wheels;
Thy scorching fevers, which distract the sense,
And snatch us raving, unprepared, from hence;
At thy contagious darts, that wound the heads
Of weeping friends, who wait at dying beds.
Spare these, and let thy time be when it will;
My bus’ness is to die, and thine to kill.
Gently thy fatal scepter on me lay,
And take to thy cold arms, insensibly, thy prey.Eph. What Friendship is, Ardelia show.
Ard. ’Tis to love, as I love you.
Eph. This account, so short (tho’ kind) ;Suits not my inquiring mind. ;Therefore farther now repeat: ;What is Friendship when complete?
Ard. ’Tis to share all joy and grief; ;’Tis to lend all due relief ;From the tongue, the heart, the hand; ;’Tis to mortgage house and land; ;For a friend be sold a slave; ;’Tis to die upon a grave, ;If a friend therein do lie.
Eph. This indeed, tho’ carried high, ;This, tho’ more than e’er was done ;Underneath the rolling sun, ;This has all been said before. ;Can Ardelia say no more?
Ard. Words indeed no more can show:
But ’tis to love, as I love you.The merchant, to secure his treasure,  Conveys it in a borrowed name;
Euphelia serves to grace my measure,  But Cloe is my real flame.
My softest verse, my darling lyre,  Upon Euphelia’s toilet lay;
When Cloe noted her desire  That I should sing, that I should play.
My lyre I tune, my voice I raise,  But with my numbers mix my sighs;
And whilst I sing Euphelia’s praise,  I fix my soul on Cloe’s eyes.
Fair Cloe blushed; Euphelia frowned;  I sung and gazed; I played and trembled;
And Venus to the Loves around  Remarked how ill we all dissembled.To Lady Winchelsea, Occasioned by four Satirical Verses on Women Wits,  In The Rape of the Lock ;In vain you boast poetic names of yore, And cite those Sapphos we admire no more: Fate doomed the fall of every female wit; But doomed it then, when first Ardelia writ. Of all examples by the world confessed, I knew Ardelia could not quote the best; Who, like her mistress on Britannia’s throne, Fights and subdues in quarrels not her own. To write their praise you but in vain essay; Even while you write, you take that praise away. Light to the stars the sun does thus restore, But shines himself till they are seen no more.First time he kissed me, he but only kissed The fingers of this hand wherewith I write, And ever since it grew more clean and white,... Slow to world-greetings...quick with its “Oh, list,” When the angels speak. A ring of amethyst I could not wear here plainer to my sight, Than that first kiss. The second passed in height The first, and sought the forehead, and half missed, Half falling on the hair. O beyond meed! That was the chrism of love, which love’s own crown, With sanctifying sweetness, did precede. The third, upon my lips, was folded down In perfect, purple state! since when, indeed, I have been proud and said, “My Love, my own.”Who would be a turtle who could help it? A barely mobile hard roll, a four-oared helmet, she can ill afford the chances she must take in rowing toward the grasses that she eats. Her track is graceless, like dragging a packing-case places, and almost any slope defeats her modest hopes. Even being practical, she's often stuck up to the axle on her way to something edible. With everything optimal, she skirts the ditch which would convert her shell into a serving dish. She lives below luck-level, never imagining some lottery will change her load of pottery to wings. Her only levity is patience, the sport of truly chastened things.Go wailing verse, the infants of my love, Minerva-like, brought forth without a Mother: Present the image of the cares I prove, Witness your Father’s grief exceeds all other. Sigh out a story of her cruel deeds, With interrupted accents of despair: A monument that whosoever reads, May justly praise, and blame my loveless Fair. Say her disdain hath dried up my blood, And starved you, in succours still denying: Press to her eyes, importune me some good; Waken her sleeping pity with your crying. Knock at that hard heart, beg till you have moved her; And tell th’unkind, how dearly I have loved her.But love whilst that thou mayst be loved again, Now whilst thy May hath filed thy lap with flowers, Now whilst thy beauty bears without a stain, Now use the summer smiles, ere winter lowers. And whilst thou spread’st unto the rising sun The fairest flower that ever saw the light, Now joy thy time before thy sweet be done, And, Delia, think thy morning must have night, And that thy brightness sets at length to west, When thou wilt close up that which now thou shew’st; And think the same becomes they fading best Which then shall most inveil and shadow most. Men do not weigh the stalk for what it was, When once they find her flower, her glory, pass.When men shall find thy flower, thy glory pass, And thou, with careful brow sitting alone, Receivèd hast this message from thy glass, That tells thee truth, and says that all is gone, Fresh shalt thou see in me the wounds thou madest, Though spent thy flame, in me the heat remaining, I that have loved thee thus before thou fadest, My faith shall wax, when thou art in thy waning. The world shall find this miracle in me, That fire can burn when all the matter’s spent; Then what my faith hath been thyself shall see, And that thou wast unkind thou mayst repent. Thou mayst repent that thou hast scorned my tears, When Winter snows upon thy golden hairs.Unhappy pen and ill accepted papers, That intimate in vain my chaste desires, My chaste desires, the ever burning tapers, Enkindled by her eyes’ celestial fires. Celestial fires and unrespecting powers, That deign not view the glory of your might, In humble lines the work of careful hours, The sacrifice I offer to her sight. But since she scorns her own, this rests for me, I’ll moan my self, and hide the wrong I have: And so content me that her frowns should be To my infant style the cradle, and the grave. What though my self no honor get thereby, Each bird sings t’herself, and so will I.If he from heaven that filched that living fire Condemned by Jove to endless torment be, I greatly marvel how you still go free, That far beyond Prometheus did aspire. The fire he stole, although of heavenly kind, Which from above he craftily did take, Of liveless clods, us living men to make, He did bestow in temper of the mind. But you broke into heaven’s immortal store, Where virtue, honor, wit, and beauty lay; Which taking thence you have escaped away, Yet stand as free as ere you did before;    Yet old Prometheus punished for his rape.    Thus poor thieves suffer when the greater ‘scape.From fairest creatures we desire increase, That thereby beauty’s rose might never die, But as the riper should by time decease, His tender heir might bear his memory; But thou, contracted to thine own bright eyes, Feed’st thy light’s flame with self-substantial fuel, Making a famine where abundance lies, Thyself thy foe, to thy sweet self too cruel. Thou that art now the world’s fresh ornament And only herald to the gaudy spring, Within thine own bud buriest thy content, And, tender churl, mak’st waste in niggarding.    Pity the world, or else this glutton be,    To eat the world’s due, by the grave and thee.Look in thy glass and tell the face thou viewest, Now is the time that face should form another, Whose fresh repair if now thou not renewest, Thou dost beguile the world, unbless some mother. For where is she so fair whose uneared womb Disdains the tillage of thy husbandry? Or who is he so fond will be the tomb Of his self-love, to stop posterity? Thou art thy mother’s glass, and she in thee Calls back the lovely April of her prime; So thou through windows of thine age shalt see, Despite of wrinkles, this thy golden time. ;But if thou live rememb’red not to be, ;Die single, and thine image dies with thee.No more be grieved at that which thou hast done: Roses have thorns, and silver fountains mud, Clouds and eclipses stain both moon and sun, And loathsome canker lives in sweetest bud. All men make faults, and even I in this, Authórizing thy trespass with compare, Myself corrupting salving thy amiss, Excusing thy sins more than thy sins are: For to thy sensual fault I bring in sense— Thy adverse party is thy advocate— And ‘gainst myself a lawful plea commence. Such civil war is in my love and hate,    That I an áccessory needs must be    To that sweet thief which sourly robs from me.Since brass, nor stone, nor earth, nor boundless sea But sad mortality o’er-sways their power, How with this rage shall beauty hold a plea, Whose action is no stronger than a flower? O, how shall summer’s honey breath hold out Against the wrackful siege of batt’ring days, When rocks impregnable are not so stout, Nor gates of steel so strong, but time decays? O fearful meditation! where, alack, Shall time’s best jewel from time’s chest lie hid? Or what strong hand can hold his swift foot back? Or who his spoil of beauty can forbid?    O, none, unless this miracle have might,    That in black ink my love may still shine bright.Why is my verse so barren of new pride, So far from variation or quick change? Why with the time do I not glance aside To new-found methods, and to compounds strange? Why write I still all one, ever the same, And keep invention in a noted weed, That every word doth almost tell my name, Showing their birth, and where they did proceed? O know, sweet love, I always write of you, And you and love are still my argument, So all my best is dressing old words new, Spending again what is already spent:    For as the sun is daily new and old,    So is my love still telling what is told.Farewell! thou art too dear for my possessing, And like enough thou knowst thy estimate. The Charter of thy worth gives thee releasing; My bonds in thee are all determinate. For how do I hold thee but by thy granting, And for that riches where is my deserving? The cause of this fair gift in me is wanting, And so my patent back again is swerving. Thy self thou gav'st, thy own worth then not knowing, Or me, to whom thou gav'st it, else mistaking, So thy great gift, upon misprision growing, Comes home again, on better judgement making.    Thus have I had thee as a dream doth flatter:    In sleep a king, but waking no such matter.O thou, my lovely boy, who in thy pow’r Dost hold time’s fickle glass his sickle hour, Who hast by waning grown, and therein show’st Thy lovers withering, as thy sweet self grow’st— In nature, sovereign mistress over wrack, As thou goest onwards still will pluck thee back, She keeps thee to this purpose, that her skill May time disgrace, and wretched minute kill. Yet fear her, O thou minion of her pleasure; She may detain but not still keep her treasure.    Her audit, though delayed, answered must be,    And her quietus is to render thee.Whoever hath her wish, thou hast thy Will, And Will to boot, and Will in overplus; More than enough am I that vex thee still, To thy sweet will making addition thus. Wilt thou, whose will is large and spacious, Not once vouchsafe to hide my will in thine? Shall will in others seem right gracious, And in my will no fair acceptance shine? The sea, all water, yet receives rain still, And in abundance addeth to his store; So thou being rich in Will add to thy Will One will of mine, to make thy large Will more.    Let no unkind, no fair beseechers kill;    Think all but one, and me in that one Will.Two loves I have of comfort and despair, Which like two spirits do suggest me still The better angel is a man right fair, The worser spirit a woman coloured ill. To win me soon to hell, my female evil Tempteth my better angel from my side, And would corrupt my saint to be a devil, Wooing his purity with her foul pride. And, whether that my angel be turn’d fiend, Suspect I may, yet not directly tell, But being both from me both to each friend, I guess one angel in another’s hell.    Yet this shall I ne’er know, but live in doubt,    Till my bad angel fire my good one out.(from Much Ado About Nothing)    Sigh no more, ladies, sigh no more. ;Men were deceivers ever, One foot in sea, and one on shore, ;To one thing constant never. Then sigh not so, but let them go, ;And be you blithe and bonny, Converting all your sounds of woe ;Into hey nonny, nonny. Sing no more ditties, sing no more ;Of dumps so dull and heavy. The fraud of men was ever so ;Since summer first was leafy. Then sigh not so, but let them go, ;And be you blithe and bonny, Converting all your sounds of woe ;Into hey, nonny, nonny.(from Twelfth Night)    Come away, come away, death, ;And in sad cypress let me be laid. Fly away, fly away, breath; ;I am slain by a fair cruel maid. My shroud of white, stuck all with yew, ; ;    O, prepare it! My part of death, no one so true ; ;Did share it. Not a flower, not a flower sweet, ;On my black coffin let there be strown. Not a friend, not a friend greet ;My poor corpse, where my bones shall be thrown. A thousand thousand sighs to save, ; ;    Lay me, O, where Sad true lover never find my grave, ; ;    To weep there!Now winter nights enlarge   The number of their hours;
And clouds their storms discharge   Upon the airy towers.
Let now the chimneys blaze   And cups o’erflow with wine,
Let well-turned words amaze   With harmony divine.
Now yellow waxen lights    Shall wait on honey love
While youthful revels, masques, and courtly sights   Sleep’s leaden spells remove.
This time doth well dispense   With lovers’ long discourse;
Much speech hath some defense,   Though beauty no remorse.
All do not all things well;   Some measures comely tread,
Some knotted riddles tell,   Some poems smoothly read.
The summer hath his joys,   And winter his delights;
Though love and all his pleasures are but toys,   They shorten tedious nights.Would you believe, when you this monsieur see, That his whole body should speak French, not he? That so much scarf of France, and hat, and feather, And shoe, and tie, and garter should come hether, And land on one whose face durst never be Toward the sea farther than Half-Way Tree? That he, untraveled, should be French so much As Frenchmen in his company should seem Dutch? Or had his father, when he did him get, The French disease, with which he labors yet? Or hung some monsieur’s picture on the wall, By which his dam conceived him, clothes and all? Or is it some French statue? No: ’T doth move, And stoop, and cringe. O then, it needs must prove The new French tailor’s motion, monthly made, Daily to turn in Paul’s, and help the trade.Come, my Celia, let us prove, While we can, the sports of love; Time will not be ours forever; He at length our good will sever. Spend not then his gifts in vain. Suns that set may rise again; But if once we lose this light, ’Tis with us perpetual night. Why should we defer our joys? Fame and rumor are but toys. Cannot we delude the eyes Of a few poor household spies, Or his easier ears beguile, So removèd by our wile? ’Tis no sin love’s fruit to steal; But the sweet thefts to reveal, To be taken, to be seen, These have crimes accounted been.Though I am young, and cannot tell ;Either what Death or Love is well, Yet I have heard they both bear darts, ;And both do aim at human hearts. And then again, I have been told ;Love wounds with heat, as Death with cold; So that I fear they do but bring ;Extremes to touch, and mean one thing. As in a ruin we it call ;One thing to be blown up, or fall; Or to our end like way may have ;By a flash of lightning, or a wave; So Love’s inflamèd shaft or brand ;May kill as soon as Death’s cold hand; Except Love’s fires the virtue have ;To fright the frost out of the grave.I that have been a lover, and could show it,   Though not in these, in rithmes not wholly dumb,   Since I exscribe your sonnets, am become
A better lover, and much better poet.
Nor is my Muse or I ashamed to owe it   To those true numerous graces, whereof some   But charm the senses, others overcome   Both brains and hearts; and mine now best do know it:
For in your verse all Cupid’s armory,   His flames, his shafts, his quiver, and his bow,   His very eyes are yours to overthrow.
But then his mother’s sweets you so apply,   Her joys, her smiles, her loves, as readers take   For Venus’ ceston every line you make.Kind are her answers,  But her performance keeps no day;  Breaks time, as dancers  From their own music when they stray:  All her free favors
And smooth words wing my hopes in vain.
O did ever voice so sweet but only feign?  Can true love yield such delay,  Converting joy to pain?  Lost is our freedom,  When we submit to women so:  Why do we need ’em,  When in their best they work our woe?  There is no wisdom
Can alter ends, by Fate prefixed.
O why is the good of man with evil mixed?  Never were days yet called two,  But one night went betwixt.Weigh me the fire; or canst thou find A way to measure out the wind? Distinguish all those floods that are Mixed in that wat’ry theater, And taste thou them as saltless there, As in their channel first they were.   Tell me the people that do keep Within the kingdoms of the deep; Or fetch me back that cloud again, Beshivered into seeds of rain. Tell me the motes, dust, sands, and spears Of corn, when summer shakes his ears; Show me that world of stars, and whence They noiseless spill their influence. This if thou canst; then show me Him That rides the glorious cherubim.Having been tenant long to a rich lord, ;Not thriving, I resolvèd to be bold, ;And make a suit unto him, to afford A new small-rented lease, and cancel th’ old. In heaven at his manor I him sought; ;They told me there that he was lately gone ;About some land, which he had dearly bought Long since on earth, to take possessiòn. I straight returned, and knowing his great birth, ;Sought him accordingly in great resorts; ;In cities, theaters, gardens, parks, and courts; At length I heard a ragged noise and mirth ; ; ;Of thieves and murderers; there I him espied, ;Who straight, Your suit is granted, said, and died.Lord, how can man preach thy eternal word? ;He is a brittle crazy glass; Yet in thy temple thou dost him afford ;This glorious and transcendent place, ;To be a window, through thy grace. But when thou dost anneal in glass thy story, ;Making thy life to shine within The holy preachers, then the light and glory ;More reverend grows, and more doth win; ;Which else shows waterish, bleak, and thin. Doctrine and life, colors and light, in one ;When they combine and mingle, bring A strong regard and awe; but speech alone ;Doth vanish like a flaring thing, ;And in the ear, not conscience, ring.The glories of our blood and state Are shadows, not substantial things; There is no armor against fate; Death lays his icy hand on kings. ;Scepter and crown ;Must tumble down And in the dust be equal made With the poor crooked scythe and spade. Some men with swords may reap the field And plant fresh laurels where they kill, But their strong nerves at last must yield; They tame but one another still. ;Early or late ;They stoop to fate And must give up their murmuring breath, When they, pale captives, creep to death. The garlands wither on your brow, Then boast no more your mighty deeds; Upon death’s purple altar now See where the victor-victim bleeds. ;Your heads must come ;To the cold tomb; Only the actions of the just Smell sweet and blossom in their dust.Cyriack, whose grandsire on the royal bench ;  Of British Themis, with no mean applause, ;  Pronounced, and in his volumes taught, our laws, ;  Which others at their bar so often wrench, Today deep thoughts resolve with me to drench ;  In mirth that after no repenting draws; ;  Let Euclid rest, and Archimedes pause, ;  And what the Swede intend, and what the French. To measure life learn thou betimes, and know ;  Toward solid good what leads the nearest way; ;  For other things mild Heaven a time ordains, And disapproves that care, though wise in show, ;  That with superfluous burden loads the day, ;  And, when God sends a cheerful hour, refrains.I dreamed this mortal part of mine
Was metamorphosed to a vine,
Which crawling one and every way
Enthralled my dainty Lucia.
Methought her long small legs and thighs
I with my tendrils did surprise;
Her belly, buttocks, and her waist
By my soft nervelets were embraced.
About her head I writhing hung,
And with rich clusters (hid among
The leaves) her temples I behung,
So that my Lucia seemed to me
Young Bacchus ravished by his tree.
My curls about her neck did crawl,
And arms and hands they did enthrall,
So that she could not freely stir
(All parts there made one prisoner).
But when I crept with leaves to hide
Those parts which maids keep unespied,
Such fleeting pleasures there I took
That with the fancy I awoke;
And found (ah me!) this flesh of mine
More like a stock than like a vine.What do you mean by rashes of ash? Is industry systematic work, assiduous activity, or ownership of factories? Is ripple agitate lightly? Are we tossed in tune when we write poems? And what or who emboss with gloss insignias of air? Is the Fabric about which you write in the epigraph of your poem an edifice, a symbol of heaven? Does freight refer to cargo of lading carried for pay by water, land or air? Or does it mean payment for such transportation? Or a freight train? When you say a commoded journey, do you mean a comfortable journey or a good train with well-equipped commodoties? But, then, why do you drop the ‘a’ before slumberous friend? And when you write, in “Why I Am Not a Christian”You always throw it down / But you never pick it upA crown of handmade nails, as though  there were a house here once, burned,  where we’ve gardened for fifteen years;  the ceramic top of an ancient fuse;  this spring the tiny head of a plastic doll—  not much compared to what they find  in England, where every now and then  a coin of the Roman emperors, Severus  or Constantius, works its way up, but  something, as though nothing we’ve  ever touched wants to stay in the earth,  the patient artifacts waiting, having been lost  or cast away, as though they couldn’t bear  the parting, or because they are the only  messengers from lives that were important once,  waiting for the power of the frost  to move them to the mercy of our hands.As if there could be a world Of absolute innocence In which we forget ourselves The owners throw sticks And half-bald tennis balls Toward the surf And the happy dogs leap after them As if catapulted— Black dogs, tan dogs, Tubes of glorious muscle— Pursuing pleasure More than obedience They race, skid to a halt in the wet sand, Sometimes they'll plunge straight into The foaming breakers Like diving birds, letting the green turbulence Toss them, until they snap and sink Teeth into floating wood Then bound back to their owners Shining wet, with passionate speed For nothing, For absolutely nothing but joy.Crouched before dismantled guns, we found war souvenirs our uncle padlocked in the attic, a brittle latch easily pried off. Stiff uniforms on top, snapshots of soldiers young as our cousins, a velvet box of medals as if he fought all battles in World War II. Bayonets, machetes, a folded flag, two hand grenades with missing pins. We picked up teeth like pennies, loose, as if tossed in, a piece of something dark and waxy like a fig, curved like a question mark, a human ear. We touched dried pieces of cloth stuck to curved bones and held them to the light, turning them over and over, wondering how did uncles learn to kill, what would happen when we grew up.Barbed wires on rusted nails can’t hold lone bulls at home when they smell pasture. They thrust their bone skulls under barbs, tongues quivering for a taste of strange and shove until the post gives way. Days later, we find wires sagging, reset the post, and tighten bent wires like a fiddle and rope the worn-out bull, wishing there was only a fence between us and our heart’s desire. But something with spurs and a rope would find us, cursing and yelling on horseback, cutting us from escape down arroyos, dragging us frothing and wild-eyed back to the sun-bleached yellow range, the same whirlpool of buzzards.A B H O R E N C E S 
November 10, 1984 ;Death by over-seasoning: Herbicide Death by annoyance: Pesticide Death by suffocation: Carbon monoxide Death by burning: Firecide Death by falling: Cliffcide Death by hiking: Trailcide Death by camping: Campcide Death by drowning: ;  Rivercide ; ; ; ; ; ; ;Lakecide ; ; ; ; ; ; ;Oceancide Death from puking: Curbcide Death from boredom: Hearthcide Death at the hands of the medical profession: Dockcide Death from an overnight stay: Inncide Death by suprise: Backcide Death by blow to the head: Upcide Death from delirious voting: Rightcide Death from hounding: Leftcide Death through war: Theircide & Ourcide Death by penalty: Offcide Death following a decision: DecideWhen the plowblade struck   An old stump hiding under   The soil like a beggar’s   Rotten tooth, they swarmed up   & Mister Jackson left the plow   Wedged like a whaler’s harpoon.   The horse was midnight   Against dusk, tethered to somebody’s   Pocketwatch.  He shivered, but not   The way women shook their heads   Before mirrors at the five   & dime—a deeper connection   To the low field’s evening star.   He stood there, in tracechains,   Lathered in froth, just   Stopped by a great, goofy   Calmness.  He whinnied   Once, & then the whole   Beautiful, blue-black sky   Fell on his back.dis suit of clothes jus as empty as a sky wid no stars two years a workin   savin money den   john drop out my heart i dont want ta see his wife i knows dat she is me i’se could go in   shootin de rifle let my angry run free bes not   just my temper risin no use stoking dead fire but ta see his face one mo time now lord   jus you on high if he make do widout me now i can make do lord   i can make doI would have freed thousands mo, 
If dey had known dey were slaves. 
Harriet    herd on da wind you come back fo me didn’t think you come back fo me didn’t think you come back at all been so long my skin grew tired dis life too hard to know all alone caroline cover me jus fine she a quilt ginst the cold in ma blood she mend de torn spots in ma soul aint got no mind ta leev dis place go on moses   find yo promise lan mines is here beside dis fire wid folks we knows from when we’s bornShunning the British tourist bus, we walk, My child and I, the West Woods where, like dogs Who know their death is due, the wounded took Themselves to give up hope. The horror begs Imagining—the soldiers hauling limbs Hacked off or messmates dead, and everywhere, Mixed with the summer scent of swelling plums, A stench of putrid flesh and burning hair. Here Lee was turned. That night the forest filled With muttered names of loved ones left, and cries From mangled soldiers pleading to be killed. Seeing my distant look, my daughter tries My sleeve: “What is it, what?” she asks, and I Say “nothing, nothing”—though “nothing” is a lie.The sinew of the hickory that grips The axe, the rasp of salt against the skin, Or rockbound earth that shines the steel plough In spring, are thought along our coast to lend A native character, though none can match The force of grief: compare the fisherman’s Scored cheeks; the ligaments that rope the necks Of lumberjacks; or the farmer’s gnarled wrist— Compare these with the widow’s fisted look, Then judge who has the most to bear. Think of The ghost that each night slips between her sheets Or of the sudden joy of being alone Which troubles her for weeks. And you, who thought Him mean, or too devoted to his drink, Consider how the common fingerstones, Bathed in the tidal slabs, grow luminous.Highlight Actions Enable or disable annotations ;won't you celebrate with me what i have shaped into a kind of life? i had no model. born in babylonbabylon Once a great city in Biblical times, see Psalms 137. both nonwhite and woman what did i see to be except myself? i made it up here on this bridge betweenbetween / starshine and clay Compare to John Keats’s “betwixt damnation and impassion’d clay” in “On Sitting Down to Read King Lear Once Again.” starshine and clay,between / starshine and clay Compare to John Keats’s “betwixt damnation and impassion’d clay” in “On Sitting Down to Read King Lear Once Again.”  my one hand holding tight my other hand; come celebrate with me that everyday something has tried to kill me and has failed.for Ros Krauss    Tell yourself as it gets cold and gray falls from the air that you will go on walking, hearing the same tune no matter where you find yourself— inside the dome of dark or under the cracking white of the moon's gaze in a valley of snow. Tonight as it gets cold tell yourself what you know which is nothing but the tune your bones play as you keep going. And you will be able for once to lie down under the small fire of winter stars. And if it happens that you cannot go on or turn back and you find yourself where you will be at the end, tell yourself in that final flowing of cold through your limbs that you love what you are.Don’t worry, spiders, I keep house ;casually. ;New Year’s Day— everything is in blossom! ;I feel about average. ;The snow is melting and the village is flooded ;with children. ;Goes out,   comes back— ;the love life of a cat. ;Mosquito at my ear— does he think ;  I’m deaf? ;  Under the evening moon the snail ;is stripped to the waist. ;Even with insects— some can sing,    some can’t. ;  All the time I pray to Buddha I keep on    killing mosquitoes. ;Napped half the day; no one ;  punished me!I take pillows outdoors to sun them  as my mother did.  “Keeps bedding fresh,”  she said.  It was April then, too—  buttercups fluffing their frail sails,  one striped bee humming grudges, a crinkle  of jonquils.  Weeds reclaimed bare ground.  All of these leaked somehow  into the pillows, looking odd where they    simmered all day, the size of hams, out of place  on grass.  And at night I could feel  some part of my mother still with me  in the warmth of my face as I dreamed  baseball and honeysuckle, sleeping  on sunlight.My ancestor, a man of Himalayan snow, came to Kashmir from Samarkand, carrying a bag of whale bones: heirlooms from sea funerals. His skeleton carved from glaciers, his breath arctic, he froze women in his embrace. His wife thawed into stony water, her old age a clear evaporation. This heirloom, his skeleton under my skin, passed from son to grandson, generations of snowmen on my back. They tap every year on my window, their voices hushed to ice. No, they won’t let me out of winter, and I’ve promised myself, even if I’m the last snowman, that I’ll ride into spring on their melting shoulders.My bonsai teacher says to quit doing it like a girl. I’m pruning the root-ball of a Podocarpus, or Buddhist pine, trained semicascade. The first time Dad fell, the femur broke in eleven places due to his artificial knee (titanium and steel). A rod screwed to the bones in thirteen places didn’t work, and the graft stayed weak. For two years he fought his wheelchair into near submission. The grand finale was him riding it down two flights of stairs without tipping over or falling out. The nurses loved him. The last time I called tech help I got George in Salt Lake, at work at six in the morning their time. He was very helpful. I offered to write a note for his file, but he said, It’s OK, Chase. Your compliment is enough.At first he seemed a child, dirt on his lip and the sun lighting up his hair behind him. All around us, the hesitation of year-rounders who know the warmer air will bring crowds. No one goes to their therapist to talk about how happy they are, but soon I’d be back in the dugout telling my batting coach how the view outside my igloo seemed to be changing, as if the night sky were all the light there is. Now, like two babies reaching through the watery air to touch soft fingers to soft forehead, like blind fish sensing a familiar fluttering in the waves, slowly, by instinct, we became aware. Off-field, outside the park, beyond the gates, something was burning.    The smell was everywhere.When I woke, the waves had gone black, turning over the macerated curd of the ocean bottom, heaving its sludge onto the beach. Some storm far out, I thought, had ravaged the sea, stirred up its bed, sent the whole mess flying to shore. At my feet I found a grave of starfish, broken and gnarled among the fleshy snipes and heads. Every shade of death covered the sand. It looked hopeless in the pale day but for the birds, a congress of gulls, terns, and the rarest plovers, calm for once, satiated, a measure of the one law: this sea will claim it all— feed them, catch them, grind their complicated bones.It is not the angel riding a goat, trying to make him go. It does no work with refusal or guilt, which loves only its contorted self. But fancies instead my terrier’s long pink tongue, how it teases out the bone’s marrow, tasting with all its muscle. The angel is silver, but so is the goat and the box on which they perch, a Victorian gesture in the mansion where I spent the fall. They have followed me home, their permanent shine presuming, while around me, everything withered, slowly froze, and began its turn toward white. The snow is nothing but a great emptiness, and I’m tired of trying to find a secret there. But look—one leaf skittering across the glazed surface catches its stem to stand upright, the shape of a hand waving.The almighty cyclop’s-eye clouded over and the grass shook itself in the coal dust. Beaten black and blue by the night’s dreams we board the train that stops at every station and lays eggs. Almost silent. The clang of the church bells’ buckets fetching water. And someone’s inexorable cough scolding everything and everyone. A stone idol moves its lips: it’s the city. Ruled by iron-hard misunderstandings among kiosk attendants butchers metal-workers naval officers iron-hard misunderstandings, academics! How sore my eyes are! They’ve been reading by the faint glimmer of the glow-worm   lamps. November offers caramels of granite. Unpredictable! Like world history laughing at the wrong place. But we hear the clang of the church bells’ buckets fetching water every Wednesday - is it Wednesday? - so much for our Sundays!When I hurt you and cast you off, that was buccaneer work: the sky must have turned on the Bay that day and spat. We’d tarried on corners, we’d dallied on sofas, we were in progress, do you see? Yet stormcloud bruises bloomed where once we touched. The walls swam under minty fever; we failed to reach the long, low sleep of conquerors. Since I played wrong and you did too, since we were wrong, we need apologies; for your part in this sorry slip of hearts, you should walk on Golden Hill at night alone; for mine I will hang with my enemies, out on the long shore, our brigand bodies impaled on the horns of our failures, the cold day casting draughts through our brinkled bones.For the first time, I listen to a lost and secret recording of us making love near-on ten years ago. I recognize your voice, your sounds, though if I knew no better, I could be any man in any room. After, the rising sounds of rising and of dressing and once as you step up close to the deck, perhaps to pick up shoes, you sing the chorus of Sunday Morning. I call on you to hurry and we leave. It does not end then; the tape rolls on. A few late cars which sigh by might have passed us walking away triumphant, unaware we’ve left behind this mop and mow mechanism of silence to which we may never return."F. . . the oven is an F" Samantha Foggle, age 3    Oh, to hear the world with such clarity. Such surety. To know the note of your breakfast chat is B-flat minor. That the ’57 Chevy stalled outside the garage is a D. To recognize the Apricot kitchen paint for what it is: F-sharp. To understand the way you feel for him is G,definitely a G. And as you watch him descend the scale of the front steps to his car for work, the house quiets to an A. The arpeggio of last night’s Every Good Boy Deserves Favor still ringing in your ears.A.    Use of the lift ;   going up ;   is permitted, provided B.    Use of the lift ;   going down ;   is not permitted, provided C.    Use of the lift ;   going up is D.    Use of the lift ;   going down is not E.    Use of the lift ;   going up F.    Use of the lift ;   going G.    Use of the lift H.    Is ; Is not I.    Use J.    U--By the time I recalled that it is also terrifying, we had gone too far into the charmed woods to return. It was then the beautiful animal appeared in our path: ribs jutting, moon-fed eyes moving from me to you and back. If we show none of the fear, it may tire of waiting for the triggering flight, it may ask only to lie between us and sleep, fur warm on our skin, breath sweet on our necks as it dreams of slaughter, as we dream alternately of feeding and taming it and of being the first to run. The woods close tight around us, lying nested here like spoons in a drawer of knives, to see who wakes first, and from which dream.Kurt, early twenties. Met him after an AA meeting in Silverlake (November, eighty-five). I remem- ber standing with him up- stairs, in the clubhouse, how I checked his body out. But not who approached whom. Or what we talked about before we leaned against my car and kissed, under that tarnished L.A. moon. Drove to my place and un- dressed him in the dark. He was smaller than me. I couldn’t keep my hands off his ass. Next morning, smoked till he woke, took him back. He thanked me sweetly. I couldn’t have said what I wanted, though must have known. Drove home and put him in a poem ("November") I was at the end of. Later that day it rained (I know from the poem).I want you with me, and yet you are the end of my privacy. Do you see how these rooms have become public? How we glance to see if— who? Who did you imagine? Surely we’re not here alone, you and I. I’ve been wandering where the cold tracks of language collapse into cinders, unburnable trash. Beyond that, all I can see is the remote cold of meteors before their avalanches of farewell. If you asked me what words a voice like this one says in parting, I’d say, I’m sweeping an empty factory toward which I feel neither hostility nor nostalgia. I’m just a broom, sweeping.1 After our march from the Hudson to the top of Cemetery Hill, we Boy Scouts proudly endured the sermons and hot sun while Girl Scouts lolled among graves in the maple shade. When members of the veterans’ honor guard aimed their bone-white rifles skyward and fired, I glimpsed beneath one metal helmet the salmon-pink flesh of Mr. Webber’s nose, restored after shrapnel tore it. ; ;2 Friends who sat near me in school died in Asia, now lie here under new stones that small flags flap beside. ; ; It’s fifth-grade recess: war stories. Mr. Webber stands before us and plucks his glass eye from its socket, holds it high between finger and thumb. The girls giggle and scream; the awed boys gape. The fancy pocket watch he looted from a shop in Germany ticks on its chain.Snapping turtles in the pond eat bass, sunfish, and frogs. They do us no harm when we swim. But early this spring two Canada geese lingered, then built a nest. What I’d heard of, our neighbor feared: goslings, as they paddle about, grabbed from below by a snapper, pulled down to drown. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   So he stuck hunks of fat on huge, wire-leadered hooks attached to plastic milk-bottle buoys. The first week he caught three turtles and still there are more: sometimes he finds the bottles dragged ashore, the wire wrapped several times around a pine trunk and the steel hook wrenched straight as a pin.Before devising, your chicken you do not have to count. As for the penny which is rescued it is the penny which is obtained. The girl and the spice has become entirely from the splendid sugar. The boy has consisted of the tail of the slug and the snail and the puppy. As for the place of the woman there is a house. One basket your egg everything does not have to be made. The idiot hurries being about you fear because the angel steps on. Your cake cannot do possessing and is eaten thing. There is no wastefulness, unless so is, we want. The safe which is better than regrettable. Living, you have lived, permit.We remember so little, We are certain of nothing. We long to perish into the absolute. Where is a mountain To spread its snowfields for us like a shawl? You might begin,The men who come to see me are not exactly lovers. Or, Seen at a distance the gazelle is blue. That’s just your way of cheering me up. You might begin,The quality of the telegram is vulnerable. Or even, The spirit of the telegram is virginal. By now I am ravenous. You might begin,Nothing’s more passionate than a train, Entering an enormous depot, Empty except for two lovers, irreconcilable, Parting.The limit of the song is this prelude to a journey to the outer islands, the generative sentence, waltz project, forms, qualities, suns, moons, rings, an inside-outside then an outside-inside shaped with her colored clays. The days yet propse themselves as self-evident, everything there everything here and you are reading in a way natural to theatre a set of instructions that alters itself automatically as you proceed west from death to friendliness, the two topics upon which you are allowed to meditate under the first broad drops of rain. The planes will be piloted by ancestors who have come back to life. Why the delay.Some little splinter Of shadow purls And weals down The slewed stone Chapel steps, Slinks along The riverrock wall And disappears Into the light. Now ropy, riffled, Now owlish, sere, It smolders back To sight beneath A dwarfish, brindled tree That chimes and sifts And resurrects In something’s sweet And lethal breath. This little shadow Seems to know (How can it know? How can it not?) Just when to flinch Just where to loop and sag And skitter down, Just what to squirrel And what to squander till The light it lacks Bleeds it back And finds My sleeping dark-haired girl — O personal, Impersonal, Continual thrall — And hammocks blue In the hollows of her eyes.When you grow up, what will you do? Please come to my tea party. I’m Chatty Cathy. Who are you? Let’s take a trip to the zoo. Tee-hee, tee-hee, tee-hee. You’re silly! When you grow up, what will you do? One plus one equals two. It’s fun to learn your ABC’s. I’m Chatty Cathy, who are you? Please come help me tie my shoe. Can you come out and play with me? When you grow up, what will you do? The rooster says cock-a-doodle-doo. Please read me a bedtime story. I’m Chatty Cathy. Who are you? Our flag is red, white and blue. Let’s makebelieve you’re Mommy. When you grow up, what will you do? I’m Chatty Cathy. Who are you?You can say the broken word but cannot speak for it, can name a precise and particular shade of blue if you can remember its name (Woman of the South, New Lilac, Second Sky?) As the light, close to blinding, fell—falls in bars across a particular page, this then another, some other followed far too closely by night Or as the sleeping pages recall themselves, one by one, in dream-riddled, guarded tones, recall themselves from path to sloped meadow, meadow to burnt shore, shore to poised wave, dismay to present, any present of the bewildered and the buried alive (we’ve been told they were buried alive) Is there a door he hasn’t noticed and beyond it a letter which created the door or claims it created a door which would open either wayBecause she broke your heart, Shannon’s a badge— a seven-letter skidmark that scars up  across your chest, a flare of indelible script.  Between Death or Glory, and Mama, she rages,  scales the trellis of your rib cage;  her red hair swings down to bracket your ankles, whip  up the braid of your backbone, cuff your wrists.  She keeps  you sleepless with her afterimage,  and each pinned and martyred limb aches for more.  Her memory wraps you like a vise.  How simple the pain that trails and graces  the length of your body.  How it fans, blazes,  writes itself over in the blood’s tightening sighs,  bruises into wisdom you have no name for.Sonnet 29    Is there a sound? There is a forest. What is the world? The word is wilderness. What is the answer? The answer is the world. What is the beginning? A beginning is happiness. What is the end? No one lives there now. What is a beginning? The beginning is light. What makes happiness? Nothing. What makes an ending? What does not. What is her skin?  Her skin is composed of strange clothing and clouds of butterflies, ; ; of events and odors, of the rose fingers of dawn, transparent suns of full ; ; daylight, blue loves of dusk and night fish with huge eyes.Grand Cayman    This tuft that thrives on saline nothingness, Inverted octopus with heavenward arms Thrust parching from a palm-bole hard by the cove⎯ A bird almost⎯of almost bird alarms, Is pulmonary to the wind that jars Its tentacles, horrific in their lurch. The lizard’s throat, held bloated for a fly, Balloons but warily from this throbbing perch. The needles and hack-saws of cactus bleed A milk of earth when stricken off the stalk; But this,⎯defenseless, thornless, sheds no blood, Almost no shadow⎯but the air’s thin talk. Angelic Dynamo! Ventriloquist of the Blue! While beachward creeps the shark-swept Spanish Main By what conjunctions do the winds appoint Its apotheosis, at last⎯the hurricane!My heart was suspect.  Wired to an EKG,  I walked a treadmill  that measured my ebb  and flow, tracked isotopes  that ploughed my veins,  looked for a constancy  I’ve hardly ever found.  For a month I worried  as I climbed the stairs  to my office.  The mortality  I never believed in  was here now.  They  say my heart’s ok,  just high cholesterol, but  I know my heart’s a house  someone has broken into,  a room you come back    to and know some stranger    with bad intent has been there  and touched all that you love.  You know  he can come back.  It’s his call,  his house now.Down here, no light but what we carry with us.  Everywhere we point our hands we scrawl  color: bulging eyes, spines, teeth or clinging tentacles.  At negative buoyancy, when heavy hands  seem to grasp & pull us down, we let them,  we don’t inflate our vests, but let the scrubbed cheeks  of rocks slide past in amniotic calm.  At sixty feet we douse our lights, cemented  by the weight of the dark, of water, the grip  of the sea’s absolute silence.  Our groping  hands brush the open mouths of anemones,  which shower us in particles of phosphor  radiant as halos.  As in meditation,  or in deepest prayer,  there is no knowing what we will see.The first morning after anyone’s death, is it important To know that fields are wet, that the governess is Naked but with a scarf still covering her head, that She’s sitting on a gardener who’s wearing Just a blue shirt, or that he’s sitting on a chair in the kitchen. They look like they are rowing while instead outside in the mist Two boats are passing on the river, the gardener’s mouth Is opening: A white, screaming bird lifts off the river into the trees, Flies a short distance and is joined By a second bird, but then as if to destroy everything The two white birds are met by a third. The night Always fails.I have forgotten the words, and therefore I shall not conceive of a mysterious salvation, I shall not become a tall lily and bloom into blue and white. Then what oracular event shall appear on my doorstep? What announcement shall crowd me to a corner, protesting an unworthiness, which doubtless shall be believed? But these are only bells we hear, pulled down by the arms of the drunken janitor, two fingers missing on his left hand. And we have climbed into that tower, its spiraling wooden staircase creaking beneath our feet. We have seen for ourselves that it is only iron that rings, iron swinging on an iron bar, the rough rope threading down to the cold ground, no death or holiness in those hollow shells.Oil on limbs, maybe a rancid smell as on the chapel’s oil-press here, as on the rough pores of the unturning stone. Oil on hair wreathed in rope and maybe other scents unknown to us poor and rich and statuettes offering small breasts with their fingers. Oil in the sun the leaves shuddered when the stranger stopped and the silence weighed between the knees. The coins fell: ‘In the goddess’s name I summon you...’ Oil on the shoulders and the flexing waist legs grass-dappled, and that wound in the sun as the bell rang for vespers as I spoke in the churchyard with a crippled man.Compose for Red a proper verse; Adhere to foot and strict iamb; Control the burst of angry words Or they might boil and break the dam. Or they might boil and overflow And drench me, drown me, drive me mad. So swear no oath, so shed no tear, And sing no song blue Baptist sad. Evoke no image, stir no flame, And spin no yarn across the air. Make empty anglo tea lace words— Make them dead white and dry bone bare. Compose a verse for Malcolm man, And make it rime and make it prim. The verse will die—as all men do— but not the memory of him! Death might come singing sweet like C, Or knocking like the old folk say, The moon and stars may pass away, But not the anger of that day.a senryu sequence    when I come late to bed   I move your leg flung over my side—   that warm gate   nights you’re not here   I inch toward the middle   of this boat, balancing   when I turn over in sleep   you turn, I turn, you turn,   I turn, you   some nights you tug the edge   of my pillow under your cheek,   look in my dream   pulling the white sheet   over your bare shoulder   I marry you againWhat is desire But the hardwire argument given To the mind’s unstoppable mouth. Inside the braincase, it’s I Want that fills every blank. And then the hand Reaches for the pleasure The plastic snake offers. Someone says, Yes, It will all be fine in some future soon. Definitely. I’ve conjured a body In the chair before me. Be yourself, I tell it. Here memory makes you Unchangeable: that shirt, those summer pants. That beautiful face. That tragic beautiful mind. That mind’s ravenous mouth That told you, This isn’t poison At all but just what the machine needs. And then, The mouth closes on its hunger. The heart stops.Linoleum and half a dozen eggs In 1960 ; ;   Many towered Ilium A brand name and a shopping list too Memory distinguishes all things from Only nothing ; ; ; ;I was born and grew Rooms stacked up into houses A few trees (maples) welted in their seasons Wildly like sea birds in crude oil ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  What amazes Me now amazed me always but never Often eyesight is prophetic instantly Seeing broken eggs on the linoleum In the kitchen 1960 I saw a broken lifetime further On as I see now my happy sisterDeola passes her mornings sitting in a cafe, and nobody looks at her. Everyone’s rushing to work, under a sun still fresh with the dawn. Even Deola isn’t looking for anyone: she smokes serenely, breathing the morning. In years past, she slept at this hour to recover her strength: the throw on her bed was black with the boot-prints of soldiers and workers, the backbreaking clients. But now, on her own, it’s different: the work’s more refined, and it’s easier. Like the gentleman yesterday, who woke her up early, kissed her, and took her (I’d stay awhile, dear, in Turin with you, if I couldTouched by your goodness, I am like   that grand piano we found one night on Willoughby   that someone had smashed and somehow   heaved through an open window.   And you might think by this I mean I’m broken   or abandoned, or unloved.   Truth is, I don’t    know exactly what I am, any more   than the wreckage in the alley knows   it’s a piano, filling with trash and yellow leaves.   Maybe I’m all that’s left of what I was.    But touching me, I know, you are the good   breeze blowing across its rusted strings.   What would you call that feeling when the wood,   even with its cracked harp, starts to sing?Kingston, Jamaica    Lamps have begun to light as evening,    alluvial, fills every crevice in the courtyard,    fills Devon House, alone with its marble columns, its verandas and esplanades empty, the plantation gone, and the fields,    the courtyard a tourist attraction now:    glass ashtrays etched with boys too large to be clambering coconut trees, statuettes of women too smooth to be burdened    with baskets of fruit on their heads, stoneware with doctor birds captured in the shallowest bas-relief, key rings carved in the rough shape of the island; and now even the hummingbirds are spoken of as jewels where once everyone drowned in leaf-filtered sunlight.Suddenly, I stopped thinking about Love, after so many years of only that, after thinking that nothing else mattered. And what was I thinking of when I stopped thinking about Love? Death, of course—what else could take Love’s place? What else could hold such force? I thought about how far away Death once had seemed, how unexpected that it could happen to someone I knew quite well, how impossible that this should be the normal thing, as natural as frost and winter. I thought about the way we’d aged, how skin fell into wrinkles, how eyes grew dim; then (of course) my love, I thought of you.I will have been walking away: no matter what direction I intended, at that moment, I will have been walking Away into the direction that you now say I have always intended, no matter what my intention was then, I will have been Walking away, though it will not be clear what it was that I was leaving or even why, it seems that you will say That always, I was walking away, intending a direction that was not towards you, but moving away with every step, Or, even when I pretended to be walking towards you, only making the place for my feet to go backwards, Away, where I will have been walking, always away:   intention and direction unknown, but knowing you will always say I will have been walking away.We knew the rules and punishments: three lashes for lack of diligence, eight for disobeying mother or telling lies.... No blood, he’d say,and no remission. Came a day he started keeping my account, as at a store. And came another he called me to the tannery: a Sunday, day of settlement. I’d paid one-third the owed amount when he, to my astonishment, handed the blue-beech switch to me. Always, the greatest of my fears were not his whippings, but his tears, and he was tearful now. I dared not disobey, nor strike him hard. “I will consider a weak blow no blow at all, rather a show of cowardice,” he said. No blood and no remissionThe chicken I bought last night, Frozen, Returned to life, Laid the biggest egg in the world, And was awarded the Nobel Prize. The phenomenal egg Was passed from hand to hand, In a few weeks had gone all round the earth, And round the sun In 365 days. The hen received who knows how much hard currency, Assessed in buckets of grain Which she couldn’t manage to eat Because she was invited everywhere, Gave lectures, granted interviews, Was photographed. Very often reporters insisted That I too should pose Beside her. And so, having served art Throughout my life, All of a sudden I’ve attained to fame As a poultry breeder.Sent in after new ground was taken, my father ducked from ditch to shell-hole, unwinding the telephone cable behind him, a pfc. cast as Mercury, connecting    the gods with the lesser gods. Funny to think of him trailing the complex filament of speech, that man, neither shy nor sullen, who answered only “Yes,” “No,” “Maybe,” and never volunteered a private thought. Standing off with his hands in his pockets or cupping a cigarette, he seemed to be waiting with the great rural patience of fields for whatever might rise pure and nameless or fall from the sky beyond explanation. If anyone asked what he was thinking, he said, “Nothing,” and when he died he rushed out leaving everything unsaid, uncoiling a dark line into darkness down which a familiar silence roars.Passing the shop after school, he would look up at the sign ;and go on, glad that his own life had to do with books. Now at night when he saw the grey in his parents’ hair and ;heard their talk of that day’s worries and the next: lack of orders, if orders, lack of workers, if workers, lack of ;goods, if there were workers and goods, lack of orders ;again,    for the tenth time he said, “I’m going in with you: there’s more ;money in business.” His father answered, “Since when do you care about money? ;You don’t know what kind of a life you’re going into— ;but you have always had your own way.” He went out selling: in the morning he read the Arrival of ;BuyersThey landed and could ;see nothing but ;meadows and tall ;trees— cypress, nearly three ;fathoms about at the ;roots, rising straight for ;sixty or eighty feet ;without a branch. In the woods were ;cedars, oaks, and ;walnut trees; some beech, some elm, ;black walnut, ash, ;and sassafras; mul- ;berry trees in ;groves; honey-suckle and ;other vines hanging ;   in clusters on ;many trees. They stepped on ;violets and other ;sweet flowers, many kinds in many ;colors; straw- ;berries and rasp- ;berries were on ;the ground. Blackbirds with red ;shoulders were ;flying about and many small birds, ;some red, some blue; the woods were full of deer; and running ;everywhere ;fresh water— ;brooks, rundles, ;springs and creeks. In the twilight, ;through the thickets ;and tall grass, creeping upon all ;fours—the ;savages, their ;bows in their ;mouths.The bread has become moldy and the dates blown down by the wind; the iron has slipped from the helve. The wool was to by dyed red but the dyer dyed it black. The dead woman has forgotten her comb and tube of eye-paint; the dead cobbler has forgotten his knife, the dead butcher his chopper, and the dead carpenter his adze. A goat can be driven off with a shout. But where is the man to shout? The bricks pile up, the laths are trimmed, and the beams are ready. Where is the builder? To be buried in a linen shroud or in a matting of reeds— but where are the dead of the Flood and where the dead of Nebuchadnezzar?Oh me! Oh life! of the questions of these recurring, Of the endless trains of the faithless, of cities fill’d with the foolish, Of myself forever reproaching myself, (for who more foolish than I, and who more faithless?) Of eyes that vainly crave the light, of the objects mean, of the struggle ever renew’d, Of the poor results of all, of the plodding and sordid crowds I see around me, Of the empty and useless years of the rest, with the rest me intertwined, The question, O me! so sad, recurring—What good amid these, O me, O life? ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;Answer. That you are here—that life exists and identity, That the powerful play goes on, and you may contribute a verse.I lift your body to the boat  before you drown or choke or slip too far  beneath.  I didn’t think—just jumped, just did  what I did like the physics  that flung you in.  My hands clutch under  year-old arms, between your life  jacket and your bobbing frame, pushing you,  like a fountain cherub, up and out.  I’m fooled by the warmth pulsing from  the gash on my thigh, sliced wide and clean  by an errant screw on the stern.  No pain.  My legs kick out blood below.  My arms strain  against our deaths to hold you up  as I lift you, crying, reaching, to the boat.It sifts from Leaden Sieves - It powders all the Wood. It fills with Alabaster Wool The Wrinkles of the Road - It makes an even Face Of Mountain, and of Plain - Unbroken Forehead from the East Unto the East again - It reaches to the Fence - It wraps it Rail by Rail Till it is lost in Fleeces - It deals Celestial Vail To Stump, and Stack - and Stem - A Summer’s empty Room - Acres of Joints, where Harvests were, Recordless, but for them - It Ruffles Wrists of Posts As Ankles of a Queen - Then stills it’s Artisans - like Ghosts - Denying they have been -How many times these low feet staggered - Only the soldered mouth can tell - Try - can you stir the awful rivet - Try - can you lift the hasps of steel! Stroke the cool forehead - hot so often - Lift - if you care - the listless hair - Handle the adamantine fingers Never a thimble - more - shall wear - Buzz the dull flies - on the chamber window - Brave - shines the sun through the freckled pane - Fearless - the cobweb swings from the ceiling - Indolent Housewife - in Daisies - lain!1.    Pity the bathtub that belongs to the queen its feet Are bronze casts of the former queen’s feet its sheen A sign of fretting is that an inferior stone shows through Where the marble is worn away with industrious Polishing the tub does not take long it is tiny some say Because the queen does not want room for splashing The maid thinks otherwise she knows the king Does not grip the queen nightly in his arms there are Others the queen does not have lovers she obeys Her mother once told her your ancestry is your only SupportLeaning from the platform, waiting for a glimmer to braid the rails the eyes of the action hero cut from the poster all that concrete pressing down A fine edge gleams around your body as if it could be contained The way each finger is licked, dipped in & rubbed across the gums until the teeth go away Even my hands kiss you A night broken down into grains If you find yourself lost, dig a cave in the snow, quickly you need shelter against the night A candle could keep you alive the engine of your lungs will heat the air around you, someone will miss you, they will send out dogs You must be somewhere, right?as horses as for as purple as we go as heartbeat as if as silverware as it were as onion as I can    as cherries as feared as combustion as want as dog collar as expected as oboes as anyone as umbrella as catch can as penmanship as it gets as narcosis as could be as hit parade as all that as icebox as far as I know as fax machine as one can imagine as cyclones as hoped as dictionary as you like as shadow as promised as drinking fountain as well as grassfire as myself as mirror as is as never as this1. The Letter Everywhere the windows give up nothing but frost’s intricate veined foliage. Just engines shrilling pocked and frozen streets wailing toward some new disaster.    No bright angels’ ladders going to split heaven this Chicago instant where the pier’s    an iced fantastic: spiked, the glacial floes seize it greedy like a careless treasure— marquise diamonds, these round clear globes, the psychic’s crystal world spinning in her corner shop when I passed, a globe boundaried with turning silent winds and demons. Out here the pavement’s a slick graffitied strip: There’s more to life than violence.My house is the red earth; it could be the center of the world. I’ve heard New York, Paris, or Tokyo called the center of the world, but I say it is magnificently humble. You could drive by and miss it. Radio waves can obscure it. Words cannot construct it, for there are some sounds left to sacred wordless form. For instance, that fool crow, picking through trash near the corral, understands the center of the world as greasy strips of fat. Just ask him. He doesn’t have to say that the earth has turned scarlet through fierce belief, after centuries of heartbreak and laughter—he perches on the blue bowl of the sky, and laughs.Out of the night that covers me, ;  Black as the pit from pole to pole, I thank whatever gods may be ;  For my unconquerable soul. In the fell clutch of circumstance ;  I have not winced nor cried aloud. Under the bludgeonings of chance ;  My head is bloody, but unbowed. Beyond this place of wrath and tears ;  Looms but the Horror of the shade, And yet the menace of the years ;  Finds and shall find me unafraid. It matters not how strait the gate, ;  How charged with punishments the scroll, I am the master of my fate, ;  I am the captain of my soul.We chose this animal to be our pet. His indifference allowed us to sleep. Cat, who made your ears bend back, who made you lazy as quick? Who made you work? It is a wonder any sun is left. Still it is always so abrupt. Sleep like an umbrella going up, clumsy like a broken umbrella coming down, this waking, and into what? I did not ask to be afraid. I did not ask for pleasure, but there it was, it exfoliated at its own leisure, grew until it was all that was— The brief interruption of who I am interrupts and punctuates the day I always assumed that I would share— Cat who cut the sun down from the sky and then responsible put it up again? There must be one of us that you prefer.Kills bugs dead. Redundancy is syntactical overkill. A pin-prick of peace at the end of the tunnel of a nightmare night in a roach motel. Their noise infects the dream. In black kitchens they foul the food, walk on our bodies as we sleep over oceans of pirate flags. Skull and crossbones, they crunch like candy. When we die they will eat us, unless we kill them first. Invest in better mousetraps. Take no prisoners on board ship, to rock the boat, to violate our beds with pestilence. We dream the dream of extirpation. Wipe out a species, with God at our side. Annihilate the insects. Sterilize the filthy vermin.Scrambled eggs and whiskey in the false-dawn light. Chicago, a sweet town, bleak, God knows, but sweet. Sometimes. And weren’t we fine tonight? When Hank set up that limping treble roll behind me my horn just growled and I thought my heart would burst. And Brad M. pressing with the soft stick, and Joe-Anne singing low. Here we are now in the White Tower, leaning on one another, too tired to go home. But don’t say a word, don’t tell a soul, they wouldn’t understand, they couldn’t, never in a million years, how fine, how magnificent we were in that old club tonight.When Abraham Lincoln was shoveled into the tombs, he forgot the copperheads and the assassin ... in the dust, in the cool tombs.
And Ulysses Grant lost all thought of con men and Wall Street, cash and collateral turned ashes ... in the dust, in the cool tombs.
Pocahontas’ body, lovely as a poplar, sweet as a red haw in November or a pawpaw in May, did she wonder? does she remember? ... in the dust, in the cool tombs?
Take any streetful of people buying clothes and groceries, cheering a hero or throwing confetti and blowing tin horns ... tell me if the lovers are losers ... tell me if any get more than the lovers ... in the dust ... in the cool tombs.What was it like, God of mine, what was it like? —Oh unfaithful heart, indecisive intelligence! Was it like the going by of the wind? Like the disappearance of the spring? As nimble, as changeable, as weightless as milkweed seeds in summer . . . Yes! Indefinite as a smile which is lost forever in a laugh . . . Arrogant in the air, just like a flag!    Flag, smile, milkweed pod, swift spring in June, clear wind! . . . Your celebration was so wild, so sad!    All of your changes ended up in nothing— remembrance, a blind bee of bitter things!— I don’t know what you were like, but you were!The ship, solid and black, enters the clear blackness of the great harbor. ; ; ; ; ; ; Quiet and cold. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;    —The people waiting are still asleep, dreaming, and warm, far away and still stretched out in this    dream, perhaps . . .    How real our watch is, beside the dream of doubt the others had! How sure it is, compared to their troubled dream about us! ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;Quiet. Silence. Silence which in breaking up at dawn will speak differently.I drift into the sound of wind, how small my life must be to fit into his palm like that, holly leaf, bluejay feather, milkweed fluff, pin straw or sycamore pod, resembling scraps of light. The world slips through these fingers so easily, there’s so much to miss: the sociable bones linked up in supple rows, mineral seams just under the skin. I hold my palm against the sun and don’t see palm or sun, don’t hold anything in either hand. I look up, look away (what’s that?), I trip and stumble (fall again), find myself face down in duff, a foam of fallen live oak leaves, with only this life, mine at times.‘O Jesus Christ! I’m hit,’ he said; and died. Whether he vainly cursed or prayed indeed, ; ; ;   The Bullets chirped—In vain, vain, vain! ; ; ;   Machine-guns chuckled—Tut-tut! Tut-tut! ; ; ;   And the Big Gun guffawed. Another sighed,—‘O Mother,—mother,—Dad!’  Then smiled at nothing, childlike, being dead. ; ; ;   And the lofty Shrapnel-cloud ; ; ;   Leisurely gestured,—Fool! ; ; ; ; ;    And the splinters spat, and tittered.‘My Love!’ one moaned. Love-languid seemed his mood, Till slowly lowered, his whole face kissed the mud. ; ; ;   And the Bayonets’ long teeth grinned; ; ; ;   Rabbles of Shells hooted and groaned; ; ; ;   And the Gas hissed.Under dust plush as a moth’s wing,    the book’s leather cover still darkly shone,    and everywhere else but this spot was sodden    beneath the roof’s unraveling shingles.    There was that back-of-the-neck lick of chill    and then, from my index finger, the book    opened like a blasted bird.   In its box    of familiar and miraculous inks,    a construction of filaments and dust,    thoroughfares of worms, and a silage    of silverfish husks:   in the autumn light,    eight hundred pages of perfect wordless lace.O world, I cannot hold thee close enough!    Thy winds, thy wide grey skies!    Thy mists, that roll and rise! Thy woods, this autumn day, that ache and sag And all but cry with colour!   That gaunt crag To crush!   To lift the lean of that black bluff! World, World, I cannot get thee close enough! Long have I known a glory in it all, ; ;But never knew I this; ; ; Here such a passion is As stretcheth me apart,—Lord, I do fear Thou’st made the world too beautiful this year; My soul is all but out of me,—let fall No burning leaf; prithee, let no bird call.To Identify the 16th, 17th, or 18th Presidentiad.    Why reclining, interrogating? why myself and all drowsing? What deepening twilight—scum floating atop of the waters, Who are they as bats and night-dogs askant in the capitol? What a filthy Presidentiad! (O South, your torrid suns! O North, your arctic freezings!) Are those really Congressmen? are those the great Judges? is that the President? Then I will sleep awhile yet, for I see that these States sleep, for reasons; (With gathering murk, with muttering thunder and lambent shoots we all duly awake, South, North, East, West, inland and seaboard, we will surely awake.)What crowding thoughts around me wake,
What marvels in a Christmas-cake!
Ah say, what strange enchantment dwells
Enclosed within its odorous cells?
Is there no small magician bound
Encrusted in its snowy round?
For magic surely lurks in this,
A cake that tells of vanished bliss;
A cake that conjures up to view
The early scenes, when life was new;
When memory knew no sorrows past,
And hope believed in joys that last! —
Mysterious cake, whose folds contain
Life’s calendar of bliss and pain;
That speaks of friends for ever fled,
And wakes the tears I love to shed.
Oft shall I breathe her cherished name
From whose fair hand the offering came:
For she recalls the artless smile
Of nymphs that deck my native isle;
Of beauty that we love to trace,
Allied with tender, modest grace;
Of those who, while abroad they roam,
Retain each charm that gladdens home,
And whose dear friendships can impart
A Christmas banquet for the heart!December 1789    When infant Reason first exerts her sway, And new-formed thoughts their earliest charms display; Then let the growing race employ your care Then guard their opening minds from Folly’s snare; Correct the rising passions of their youth, Teach them each serious, each important truth; Plant heavenly virtue in the tender breast, Destroy each vice that might its growth molest; Point out betimes the course they should pursue; Then with redoubled pleasure shall you view Their reason strengthen as their years increase, Their virtue ripen and their follies cease; Like corn sown early in the fertile soil, The richest harvest shall repay your toil.O what a strange parcel of creatures are we, Scarce ever to quarrel, or even agree; We all are alone, though at home altogether, Except to the fire constrained by the weather; Then one says, ‘’Tis cold’, which we all of us know, And with unanimity answer, ‘’Tis so’: With shrugs and with shivers all look at the fire, And shuffle ourselves and our chairs a bit nigher; Then quickly, preceded by silence profound, A yawn epidemical catches around: Like social companions we never fall out, Nor ever care what one another’s about; To comfort each other is never our plan, For to please ourselves, truly, is more than we can.While summer roses all their glory yield    To crown the votary of love and joy,    Misfortune’s victim hails, with many a sigh,    Thee, scarlet Poppy of the pathless field, Gaudy, yet wild and lone; no leaf to shield    Thy flaccid vest that, as the gale blows high,    Flaps, and alternate folds around thy head.    So stands in the long grass a love-crazed maid, Smiling aghast; while stream to every wind    Her garish ribbons, smeared with dust and rain;    But brain-sick visions cheat her tortured mind, And bring false peace. Thus, lulling grief and pain,    Kind dreams oblivious from thy juice proceed,    Thou flimsy, showy, melancholy weed.While one sere leaf, that parting Autumn yields,    Trembles upon the thin, and naked spray,    November, dragging on this sunless day,    Lours, cold and sullen, on the watery fields; And Nature to the waste dominion yields,    Stripped her last robes, with gold and purple gay —    So droops my life, of your soft beams despoiled,    Youth, Health, and Hope, that long exulting smiled; And the wild carols, and the bloomy hues    Of merry Spring-time, spruce on every plain    Her half-blown bushes, moist with sunny rain, More pensive thoughts in my sunk heart infuse    Than Winter’s grey, and desolate domain    Faded like my lost Youth, that no bright Spring renews.Behold that tree, in Autumn’s dim decay,    Stripped by the frequent, chill, and eddying wind;    Where yet some yellow, lonely leaves we find    Lingering and trembling on the naked spray, Twenty, perchance, for millions whirled away!    Emblem, also! too just, of humankind!    Vain man expects longevity, designed    For few indeed; and their protracted day What is it worth that Wisdom does not scorn?    The blasts of sickness, care, and grief appal,    That laid the friends in dust, whose natal morn Rose near their own; and solemn is the call;    Yet, like those weak deserted leaves forlorn,    Shivering they cling to life, and fear to fall!Is there a solitary wretch who hies    To the tall cliff, with starting pace or slow, And, measuring, views with wild and hollow eyes    Its distance from the waves that chide below; Who, as the sea-born gale with frequent sighs    Chills his cold bed upon the mountain turf, With hoarse, half-uttered lamentation, lies    Murmuring responses to the dashing surf? In moody sadness, on the giddy brink,    I see him more with envy than with fear; He has no nice felicities that shrink    From giant horrors; wildly wandering here, He seems (uncursed with reason) not to know The depth or the duration of his woe.Sweet poet of the woods, a long adieu!    Farewell soft mistrel of the early year! Ah! ’twill be long ere thou shalt sing anew,    And pour thy music on the night’s dull ear. Whether on spring thy wandering flights await,    Or whether silent in our groves you dwell, The pensive muse shall own thee for her mate,    And still protect the song she loves so well. With cautious step the love-lorn youth shall glide    Through the lone brake that shades thy mossy nest; And shepherd girls from eyes profane shall hide    The gentle bird who sings of pity best: For still thy voice shall soft affections move, And still be dear to sorrow and to love!What voice is this, thou evening gale! That mingles with thy rising wail; And, as it passes, sadly seems The faint return of youthful dreams? Though now its strain is wild and drear, Blithe was it once as sky-lark’s cheer — Sweet as the night-bird’s sweetest song, — Dear as the lisp of infant’s tongue. It was the voice, at whose sweet flow The heart did beat, and cheek did glow, And lip did smile, and eye did weep, And motioned love the measure keep. Oft be thy sound, soft gale of even, Thus to my wistful fancy given; And, as I list the swelling strain, The dead shall seem to live again!Forgive me, if I wound your ear, ; By calling of you Nancy,
Which is the name of my sweet friend, ; The other’s but her fancy.
Ah, dearest girl! how could your mind ; The strange distinction frame?
The whimsical, unjust caprice, ; Which robs you of your name.
Nancy agrees with what we see ; A being wild and airy;
Gay as a nymph of Flora’s train, ; Fantastic as a fairy.
But Anna’s of a different kind, ; A melancholy maid,
Boasting a sentimental soul, ; In solemn pomp arrayed.
Oh ne’er will I forsake the sound, ; So artless and so free
Be what you will with all mankind, ; But Nancy still with me.A youth for Jane with ardour sighed,  The maid with sparkling eye;
But to his vows she still replied,  ‘I’ll hear you by and by.’
‘Suspense (he cries) my bloom decays,  And bids my spirits fly;
Now hear my vows,’ — but still she says,  ‘I’ll hear you by and by.’
At length her frowns his love subdue,  He shuns her scornful eye,
And Emma seeks, who’ll hear him woo  Both now, and by and by.
And soon to church he leads the maid,  When lo! he sees draw nigh,
The now repentant fair who said  She’d hear him by and by.
‘Hear me (she cries): no more in vain  Thy hear for me shall sigh!’ —  ‘I’m busy now (said he) — but, Jane!  I’ll hear you by and by.’Custom, whose laws we all allow,    And bow before his shrine,
Has so ordained, my friend, that you    Are now my Valentine.
Ah, could my humble Muse aspire    To catch the flame divine!
These are the gifts that I’d require    For thee, my Valentine!
May virtue o’er thy steps preside    And in thy conduct shine;
May truth and wisdom ever guide    And guard my Valentine.
May piety, seraphic maid,    Her influence divine
Shed on thy head, and ever lead,    And bless my Valentine.
Life’s dangerous paths safe may’st thou tread,    Shielded by Grace divine;
And when these artless lines are read,    Think on my Valentine!Soft falls the shower, the thunders cease!
And see the messenger of peace    Illumes the eastern skies;
Blest sign of firm unchanging love!
While others seek the cause to prove,    That bids thy beauties rise.
My soul, content with humbler views,
Well pleased admires thy varied hues,    And can with joy behold
Thy beauteous form, and wondering gaze
Enraptured on thy mingled rays    Of purple, green, and gold.
Enough for me to deem divine
The hand that paints each glowing line;    To think that thou art given
A transient gleam of that bright place
Where Beauty owns celestial grace,    A faint display of Heaven!Dear to my heart as life’s warm stream  Which animates this mortal clay,
For thee I court the waking dream,  And deck with smiles the future day;
And thus beguile the present pain
With hopes that we shall meet again.
Yet, will it be as when the past  Twined every joy, and care, and thought,
And o’er our minds one mantle cast  Of kind affections finely wrought?
Ah no! the groundless hope were vain,
For so we ne’er can meet again!
May he who claims thy tender heart  Deserve its love, as I have done!
For, kind and gentle as thou art,  If so beloved, thou art fairly won.
Bright may the sacred torch remain,
And cheer thee till we meet again!The ribs and terrors in the whale,  Arched over me a dismal gloom,
While all God’s sun-lit waves rolled by,  And left me deepening down to doom.
I saw the opening maw of hell,  With endless pains and sorrows there;
Which none but they that feel can tell—  Oh, I was plunging to despair.
In black distress, I called my God,  When I could scarce believe him mine,
He bowed his ear to my complaints—  No more the whale did me confine.
With speed he flew to my relief,  As on a radiant dolphin borne;
Awful, yet bright, as lightening shone  The face of my Deliverer God.
My song for ever shall record  That terrible, that joyful hour;
I give the glory to my God,  His all the mercy and the power.This rose-tree is not made to bear The violet blue, nor lily fair,    Nor the sweet mignionet: And if this tree were discontent, Or wished to change its natural bent,    It all in vain would fret. And should it fret, you would suppose It ne’er had seen its own red rose,    Nor after gentle shower Had ever smelled its rose’s scent, Or it could ne’er be discontent    With its own pretty flower. Like such a blind and senseless tree As I’ve imagined this to be,    All envious persons are: With care and culture all may find Some pretty flower in their own mind,    Some talent that is rare.When ocean-clouds over inland hills    Sweep storming in late autumn brown,  And horror the sodden valley fills,    And the spire falls crashing in the town,  I muse upon my country’s ills—  The tempest bursting from the waste of Time
On the world’s fairest hope linked with man’s foulest crime.  Nature’s dark side is heeded now—    (Ah! optimist-cheer disheartened flown)—  A child may read the moody brow    Of yon black mountain lone.  With shouts the torrents down the gorges go,  And storms are formed behind the storm we feel:
The hemlock shakes in the rafter, the oak in the driving keel.I saw a boy with eager eye
Open a book upon a stall,
And read as he’d devour it all;
Which when the stall-man did espy,
Soon to the boy I heard him call,
‘You, Sir, you never buy a book,
Therefore in one you shall not look.’
The boy passed slowly on, and with a sigh
He wished he never had been taught to read,
Then of the old churl’s books he should have had no need.  Of sufferings the poor have many,
Which never can the rich annoy.
I soon perceived another boy
Who looked as if he’d not had any
Food for that day at least, enjoy
The sight of cold meat in a tavern larder.
This boy’s case, thought I, is surely harder,
Thus hungry longing, thus without a penny,
Beholding choice of dainty dressed meat;
No wonder if he wish he ne’er had learned to eat.Applied geometry,  measuring the height  of a pine from  like triangles,  Rosa’s shadow stretches  seven paces in  low-slanting light of  late Christmas afternoon.  One hundred thirty nine steps  up the hill until the sun is  finally caught at the top of the tree,  let’s see,  twenty to one,  one hundred feet plus a few to adjust  for climbing uphill,  and her hands barely reach mine  as we encircle the trunk,  almost eleven feet around.  Back to the lumber tables.  That one tree might make  three thousand feet of boards  if our hearts could stand  the sound of its fall.Let midnight gather up the wind   and the cry of tires on bitter snow.   Let midnight call the cold dogs home,   sleet in their fur—last one can blow   the streetlights out.   If children sleep   after the day’s unfoldings, the wheel   of gifts and griefs, may their breathing   ease the strange hollowness we feel.   Let midnight draw whoever’s left   to the grate where a burnt-out log unrolls   low mutterings of smoke until   a small fire wakes in its crib of coals.from Sonnets, Second Series ; ; ; XVII
Roll on, sad world! not Mercury or Mars
Could swifter speed, or slower, round the sun,
Than in this year of variance thou hast done
For me. Yet pain, fear, heart-break, woes, and wars
Have natural limit; from his dread eclipse
The swift sun hastens, and the night debars
The day, but to bring in the day more bright;
The flowers renew their odorous fellowships;
The moon runs round and round; the slow earth dips,
True to her poise, and lifts; the planet-stars
Roll and return from circle to ellipse;
The day is dull and soft, the eave-trough drips;
And yet I know the splendor of the light
Will break anon: look! where the gray is white!from Sonnets, Second Series ; ; ; XXIX
How oft in schoolboy-days, from the school’s sway
Have I run forth to Nature as to a friend,—
With some pretext of o’erwrought sight, to spend
My school-time in green meadows far away!
Careless of summoning bell, or clocks that strike,
I marked with flowers the minutes of my day:
For still the eye that shrank from hated hours,
Dazzled with decimal and dividend,
Knew each bleached alder-root that plashed across
The bubbling brook, and every mass of moss;
Could tell the month, too, by the vervain-spike,—
How far the ring of purple tiny flowers
Had climbed; just starting, may-be, with the May,
Half-light, or tapering off at Summer’s end.from Sonnets, Second Series XXX Yet, even ‘mid merry boyhood’s tricks and scapes, Early my heart a deeper lesson learnt; Wandering alone by many a mile burnt Black woodside, that but the snow-flake decks and drapes. And I have stood beneath Canadian sky, In utter solitudes, where the cricket’s cry Appals the heart, and fear takes visible shapes; And on Long Island’s void and isolate capes Heard the sea break like iron bars: and still, In all, I seemed to hear the same deep dirge; Borne in the wind, the insect’s tiny trill, And crash and jangle of the shaking surge; And knew not what they meant,—prophetic woe? Dim bodings, wherefore? Now, indeed, I know!from Sonnets, Third Series ; ; ; IV
Thin little leaves of wood fern, ribbed and toothed,
Long curved sail needles of the green pitch pine,
With common sandgrass, skirt the horizon line,
And over these the incorruptible blue!
Here let me gently lie and softly view
All world asperities, lightly touched and smoothed
As by his gracious hand, the great Bestower.
What though the year be late? some colors run
Yet through the dry, some links of melody.
Still let me be, by such, assuaged and soothed
And happier made, as when, our schoolday done,
We hunted on from flower to frosty flower,
Tattered and dim, the last red butterfly,
Or the old grasshopper molasses-mouthed.from Sonnets, Third Series ; ; ; ;   V How well do I recall that walk in state Across the Common, by the paths we knew: Myself in silver badge and riband blue, My little sister with her book and slate; The elm tree by the Pond, the fence of wood, The burial place that at the corner stood Where once we crossed, through the forbidden grate, The stones that grudg’d us way, the graveside weed, The ominous wind that turned us half about. Smit the flying drops, at what a speed Across the paths, unblessed and unforgiven We hurried homeward when the day was late And heard, with awe that left no place for doubt, God’s anger mutter in the darkened heaven.Take sackcloth of the darkest dye,  And shroud the pulpits round!
Servants of Him that cannot lie,  Sit mourning on the ground.
Let holy horror blanch each cheek,  Pale every brow with fears;
And rocks and stones, if ye could speak,  Ye well might melt to tears!
Let sorrow breathe in every tone,  In every strain ye raise;
Insult not God’s majestic throne  With th’ mockery of praise.
A “reverend” man, whose light should be  The guide of age and youth,
Brings to the shrine of Slavery  The sacrifice of truth!
For the direst wrong by man imposed,  Since Sodom’s fearful cry,
The word of life has been unclos’d,  To give your God the lie.
Oh! When ye pray for heathen lands,  And plead for their dark shores,
Remember Slavery’s cruel hands  Make heathens at your doors!Carried her unprotesting out the door. Kicked back the casket-stand. But it can't hold her, That stuff and satin aiming to enfold her, The lid's contrition nor the bolts before. Oh oh. Too much. Too much. Even now, surmise, She rises in the sunshine. There she goes, Back to the bars she knew and the repose In love-rooms and the things in people's eyes. Too vital and too squeaking. Must emerge. Even now she does the snake-hips with a hiss, Slops the bad wine across her shantung, talks Of pregnancy, guitars and bridgework, walks In parks or alleys, comes haply on the verge Of happiness, haply hysterics. Is.Alone it stands in Poesy’s fair land,    A temple by the muses set apart;    A perfect structure of consummate art, By artists builded and by genius planned. Beyond the reach of the apprentice hand,    Beyond the ken of the unturtored heart,    Like a fine carving in a common mart, Only the favored few will understand. A chef-d’oeuvre toiled over with great care,    Yet which the unseeing careless crowd goes by, A plainly set, but well-cut solitaire, An ancient bit of pottery, too rare    To please or hold aught save the special eye, These only with the sonnet can compare.Into the gloom of the deep, dark night,  With panting breath and a startled scream;
Swift as a bird in sudden flight  Darts this creature of steel and steam.
Awful dangers are lurking nigh,  Rocks and chasms are near the track,
But straight by the light of its great white eye  It speeds through the shadows, dense and black.
Terrible thoughts and fierce desires  Trouble its mad heart many an hour,
Where burn and smoulder the hidden fires,  Coupled ever with might and power.
It hates, as a wild horse hates the rein,  The narrow track by vale and hill;
And shrieks with a cry of startled pain,  And longs to follow its own wild will.Oh, what am I but an engine, shod  With muscle and flesh, by the hand of God,
Speeding on through the dense, dark night,  Guided alone by the soul’s white light.
Often and often my mad heart tires,  And hates its way with a bitter hate,
And longs to follow its own desires,  And leave the end in the hands of fate.
O, mighty engine of steel and steam;  O, human engine of blood and bone,
Follow the white light’s certain beam—  There lies safety, and there alone.
The narrow track of fearless truth,  Lit by the soul’s great eye of light,
O passionate heart of restless youth,  Alone will carry you through the night.High-hearted Surrey! I do love your ways, Venturous, frank, romantic, vehement, All with inviolate honor sealed and blent, To the axe-edge that cleft your soldier-bays: I love your youth, your friendships, whims, and frays; Your strict, sweet verse, with its imperious bent, Heard as in dreams from some old harper’s tent, And stirring in the listener’s brain for days. Good father-poet! if to-night there be At Framlingham none save the north-wind’s sighs, No guard but moonlight’s crossed and trailing spears, Smile yet upon the pilgrim named like me, Close at your gates, whose fond and weary eyes Sought not one other down three hundred years!Oh, I would have these tongues oracular Dip into silence, tease no more, let be! They madden, like some choral of the free Gusty and sweet against a prison-bar. To earth the boast that her gold empires are, The menace of delicious death to me, Great Undesign, strong as by God’s decree, Piercing the heart with beauty from afar! Music too winning to the sense forlorn! Of what angelic lineage was she born, Bred in what rapture?—These her sires and friends: Censure, Denial, Gloom, and Hunger’s throe. Praised be the Spirit that thro’ thee, Schubert! so Wrests evil unto wholly heavenly ends.1778-1830    Between the wet trees and the sorry steeple, Keep, Time, in dark Soho, what once was Hazlitt, Seeker of Truth, and finder oft of Beauty; Beauty’s a sinking light, ah, none too faithful; But Truth, who leaves so here her spent pursuer, Forgets not her great pawn: herself shall claim it. Therefore sleep safe, thou dear and battling spirit, Safe also on our earth, begetting ever Some one love worth the ages and the nations! Nothing falls under thine eyes eternal. Sleep safe in dark Soho: the stars are shining, Titian and Woodsworth live; the People marches.A woof reversed the fatal shuttles weave, How slow! but never once they slip the thread. Hither, upon the Georgian idler’s tread, Up spacious ways the lindens interleave, Clouding the royal air since yester-eve, Come men bereft of time and scant of bread, Loud, who were dumb, immortal, who were dead, Thro’ the cowed world their kingdom to retrieve. What ails thee, England? Altar, mart, and grange Dream of the knife by night; not so, not so The clear Republic waits the general throe, Along her noonday mountains’ open range. God be with both! for one is young to know The other’s rote of evil and of change.The evenfall, so slow on hills, hath shot Far down into the valley’s cold extreme, Untimely midnight; spire and roof and stream Like fleeing specters, shudder and are not. The Hampstead hollies, from their sylvan plot Yet cloudless, lean to watch as in a dream, From chaos climb with many a sudden gleam, London, one moment fallen and forgot. Her booths begin to flare; and gases bright Prick door and window; all her streets obscure Sparkle and swarm with nothing true nor sure, Full as a marsh of mist and winking light; Heaven thickens over, Heaven that cannot cure Her tear by day, her fevered smile by night.Praised be the moon of books! that doth above A world of men, the fallen Past behold, And fill the spaces else so void and cold To make a very heaven again thereof; As when the sun is set behind a grove, And faintly unto nether ether rolled, All night his whiter image and his mould Grows beautiful with looking on her love. Thou therefore, moon of so divine a ray, Lend to our steps both fortitude and light! Feebly along a venerable way They climb the infinite, or perish quite; Nothing are days and deeds to such as they, While in this liberal house thy face is bright.Across the bridge, where in the morning blow The wrinkled tide turns homeward, and is fain Homeward to drag the black sea-goer’s chain, And the long yards by Dowgate dipping low; Across dispeopled ways, patient and slow, Saint Magnus and Saint Dunstan call in vain: From Wren’s forgotten belfries, in the rain, Down the blank wharves the dropping octaves go. Forbid not these! Tho’ no man heed, they shower A subtle beauty on the empty hour, From all their dark throats aching and outblown; Aye in the prayerless places welcome most, Like the last gull that up a naked coast Deploys her white and steady wing, alone.As in the midst of battle there is room For thoughts of love, and in foul sin for mirth; As gossips whisper of a trinket’s worth Spied by the death-bed’s flickering candle-gloom; As in the crevices of Caesar’s tomb The sweet herbs flourish on a little earth: So in this great disaster of our birth We can be happy, and forget our doom. For morning, with a ray of tenderest joy Gilding the iron heaven, hides the truth, And evening gently woos us to employ Our grief in idle catches. Such is youth; Till from that summer’s trance we wake, to find Despair before us, vanity behind.Hold high the woof, dear friends, that we may see The cunning mixture of its colours rare. Nothing in nature purposely is fair,— Her beauties in their freedom disagree; But here all vivid dyes that garish be, To that tint mellowed which the sense will bear, Glow, and not wound the eye that, resting there, Lingers to feed its gentle ecstacy. Crimson and purple and all hues of wine, Saffron and russet, brown and sober green Are rich the shadowy depths of blue between; While silver threads with golden intertwine, To catch the glimmer of a fickle sheen,— All the long labour of some captive queen.When children play the livelong day,    Like birds and butterflies; As free and gay, sport life away,    And know not care nor sighs: Then earth and air seem fresh and fair,    All peace below, above: Life’s flowers are there, and everywhere    Is innocence and love. When children pray with fear all day,    A blight must be at hand: Then joys decay, and birds of prey    Are hovering o’er the land: When young hearts weep as they go to sleep,    Then all the world seems sad: The flesh must creep, and woes are deep    When children are not glad.Death found strange beauty on that cherub brow, And dash’d it out. – There was a tint of rose O’er cheek and lip; – he touch’d the veins with ice, And the rose faded. – Forth from those blue eyes There spake a wistful tenderness, – a doubt Whether to grieve or sleep, which Innocence   Alone can wear. – With ruthless haste he bound The silken fringes of their curtaining lids Forever. – There had been a murmuring sound With which the babe would claim its mother’s ear, Charming her even to tears. – The spoiler set His seal of silence. – But there beam’d a smile, So fix’d and holy from that marble brow, –Death gazed and left it there; – he dared not steal The signet-ring of Heaven.Oft, when my lips I open to rehearse Thy wondrous spell of wisdom, and of power, And that my voice, and thy immortal verse, On listening ears, and hearts, I mingled pour, I shrink dismayed – and awful doth appear The vain presumption of my own weak deed; Thy glorious spirit seems to mine so near, That suddenly I tremble as I read – Thee an invisible auditor I fear: Oh, if it might be so, my master dear! With what beseeching would I pray to thee, To make me equal to my noble task, Succor from thee, how humbly would I ask, Thy worthiest works to utter worthily.Cover me with your everlasting arms,    Ye guardian giants of this solitude!    From the ill-sight of men, and from the rude, Tumultuous din of yon wild world’s alarms! Oh, knit your mighty limbs around, above,    And close me in for ever! let me dwell    With the wood spirits, in the darkest cell That ever with your verdant locks ye wove.    The air is full of countless voices, joined In one eternal hymn; the whispering wind, The shuddering leaves, the hidden water springs, The work-song of the bees, whose honeyed wings Hang in the golden tresses of the lime, Or buried lie in purple beds of thyme.I should be happy with my lot: A wife and mother – is it not Enough for me to be content? What other blessing could be sent? A quiet house, and homely ways, That make each day like other days; I only see Time’s shadow now Darken the hair on baby’s brow! No world’s work ever comes to me, No beggar brings his misery; I have no power, no healing art With bruised soul or broken heart. I read the poets of the age, ’Tis lotus-eating in a cage; I study Art, but Art is dead To one who clamors to be fed With milk from Nature’s rugged breast, Who longs for Labor’s lusty rest. O foolish wish! I still should pine If any other lot were mine.I do not know if, climbing some steep hill,  Through fragrant wooded pass, this glimpse I bought, Or whether in some mid-day I was caught To upper air, where visions of God’s will In pictures to our quickened sense fulfil His word. But this I saw. ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  A path I sought Through wall of rock. No human fingers wrought The golden gates which opened sudden, still, And wide. My fear was hushed by my delight. Surpassing fair the lands; my path lay plain; Alas, so spell-bound, feasting on the sight, I paused, that I but reached the threshold bright, When, swinging swift, the golden gates again Were rocky wall, by which I wept in vain.The Mayor of Scuttleton burned his nose Trying to warm his copper toes; He lost his money and spoiled his will By signing his name with an icicle-quill; He went bare-headed, and held his breath, And frightened his grandame most to death; He loaded a shovel, and tried to shoot, And killed the calf in the leg of his boot; He melted a snow-bird, and formed the habit Of dancing jigs with a sad Welsh rabbit; He lived on taffy, and taxed the town; And read his newspaper upside down; Then he sighed, and hung his hat on a feather, And bade the townspeople come together; But the worst of it all was, nobody knew What the Mayor of Scuttleton next would do.Oh! Shepherd John is good and kind,    Oh! Shepherd John is brave; He loves the weakest of his flock,    His arm is quick to save. But Shepherd John to little John    Says: ‘Learn, my laddie, learn! In grassy nooks still read your books,    And aye for knowledge burn. Read while you tend the grazing flock:    Had I but loved my book, I’d not be still in shepherd’s frock,    Nor bearing shepherd’s crook. The world is wide, the world is fair,    There’s muckle work to do. I’ll rest content a shepherd still,    But grander fields for you!’Methought a sweet sound from the street uprose,— ;  And as I pause, and strive again to hear, ‘St Patrick’s Day’ draws softly to its close,    And ‘Jordan’s’ waves flow sweetly to my ear, What though from humble source the chorus floats?    Music is music, and I listen still; I have ‘an ear’, — ay, two! — Even jews-harp notes    Pass current with me, hear them where I will, A slight Italian boy, with jetty hair    Shading dark eyes, grinds out the melody, Pulverized music! — In his garb and air    I read of sunnier lands beyond the sea, And, dreaming, wander to a fairer clime, Recalled, too suddenly, by — ‘If you please, a dime!’Proudly swept the rain by the cliffs As on it glided through the trees Still following ever the liko The Ahihi lehua of the vale. ;  Chorus: ;  Farewell to thee, farewell to thee ;  Thou charming one who dwells in shaded bowers ;  One fond embrace ere I depart ;  Until we meet again. Thus sweet memories come back to me Bringing fresh remembrance of the past Dearest one, yes, thou art mine own From thee, true love shall ne’er depart. I have seen and watched thy loveliness, Thou sweet Rose of MaunawiliAnd ’tis there the birds oft love to dwell And sip the honey from thy lips.As if the flow of the watersFrom the triple streams of heavenly showers So the sacred Ao of the eighth heavensWhose flames have scorched the land. ;  Chorus: ;  Should our hearts’ love be restored ;  And our rights be ours once more ;  Then will our sacred beloved shoals of Kane ;  Be the firm foundation of the land. The heavens expand and bestow Her beauteous crownlets free Its life to her people for offerings given And from loyal hearts ascended prayers. Cold words and looks reprove Oh, turn not thus away Give kindly greetings, words of love And a heart which beats within.I see it as it looked one afternoon In August,— by a fresh soft breeze o’erblown. The swiftness of the tide, the light thereon, A far-off sail, white as a crescent moon. The shining waters with pale currents strewn, The quiet fishing-smacks, the Eastern cove, The semi-circle of its dark, green grove. The luminous grasses, and the merry sun In the grave sky; the sparkle far and wide, Laughter of unseen children, cheerful chirp Of crickets, and low lisp of rippling tide, Light summer clouds fantastical as sleep  Changing unnoted while I gazed thereon. All these fair sounds and sights I made my own.To catch the spirit in its wayward flight Through mazes manifold, what task supreme! For when to floods has grown the quiet stream, Much human skill must aid its rage to fight; And when wild winds invade the solemn night, Seems not man’s vaunted power but a dream? And still more futile, ay, we e’en must deem This quest to tame the soul, and guide aright Its restless wanderings, – to lure it back To shoals of calm. Full many a moan and sigh Attend the strife; till, effort merged in prayer, Oft uttered, clung to – when of strength the lack Seems direst – brings the answer to our cry: A gift from Him who lifts our ev’ry care.Far, far out lie the white sails all at rest; Like spectral arms they seem to touch and cling Unto the wide horizon. Not a wing Of truant bird glides down the purpling west; No breeze dares to intrude, e’en on a quest To fan a lover’s brow; the waves to sing Have quite forgotten till the deep shall fling A bow across its vibrant chords. Then, lest One moment of the sea’s repose we lose, Nor furnish Fancy with a thousand themes Of unimagined sweetness, let us gaze On this serenity, for as we muse, Lo! all is restless motion: life’s best dreams Give changing moods to even halcyon days.To those fair isles where crimson sunsets burn, We send a backward glance to gaze on thee, Brave Toussaint! thou was surely born to be A hero; thy proud spirit could but spurn  Each outrage on the race. Couldst thou unlearn The lessons taught by instinct? Nay! and we Who share the zeal that would make all men free, Must e’en with pride unto thy life-work turn. Soul-dignity was thine and purest aim; And ah! how sad that thou wast left to mourn In chains ’neath alien skies. On him, shame! shame! That mighty conqueror who dared to claim The right to bind thee. Him we heap with scorn, And noble patriot! guard with love thy name.If, when I die, I must be buried, let No cemetery engulph me — no lone grot, Where the great palpitating world comes not, Save when, with heart bowed down and eyelids wet, It pays its last sad melancholy debt To some outjourneying pilgrim. May my lot Be rather to lie in some much-used spot, Where human life, with all its noise and fret, Throbs on about me. Let the roll of wheels, With all earth’s sounds of pleasure, commerce, love, And rush of hurrying feet surge o’er my head. Even in my grave I shall be one who feels Close kinship with the pulsing world above; And too deep silence would distress me, dead.It is too early for white boughs, too late For snows. From out the hedge the wind lets fall A few last flakes, ragged and delicate. Down the stripped roads the maples start their small, Soft, ’wildering fires. Stained are the meadow stalks A rich and deepening red. The willow tree Is woolly. In deserted garden-walks The lean bush crouching hints old royalty, Feels some June stir in the sharp air and knows Soon ’twill leap up and show the world a rose. The days go out with shouting; nights are loud; Wild, warring shapes the wood lifts in the cold; The moon’s a sword of keen, barbaric gold, Plunged to the hilt into a pitch black cloud.A thin wet sky, that yellows at the rim, And meets with sun-lost lip the marsh’s brim. The pools low lying, dank with moss and mould, Glint through their mildews like large cups of gold. Among the wild rice in the still lagoon, In monotone the lizard shrills his tune. The wild goose, homing, seeks a sheltering, Where rushes grow, and oozing lichens cling. Late cranes with heavy wing, and lazy flight, Sail up the silence with the nearing night. And like a spirit, swathed in some soft veil, Steals twilight and its shadows o’er the swale. Hushed lie the sedges, and the vapours creep, Thick, grey and humid, while the marshes sleep.I know a place where the sun is like gold,    And the cherry blooms burst with snow, And down underneath is the loveliest nook,    Where the four-leaf clovers grow. One leaf is for hope, and one is for faith,    And one is for love, you know, And God put another in for luck—    If you search, you will find where they grow. But you must have hope, and you must have faith,    You must love and be strong – and so—If you work, if you wait, you will find the place ;  Where the four-leaf clovers grow.An inland sea – blue as a sapphire – set   Within a sparkling, emerald mountain chain    Where day and night fir-needles sift like rain Thro’ the voluptuous air. The soft winds fret The waves, and beat them wantonly to foam.    The golden distances across the sea    Are shot with rose and purple. Languorously The silver seabirds in wide circles roam. The sun drops slowly down the flaming West    And flings its rays across to set aglow    The islands rocking on the cool waves’ crest And the great glistening domes of snow on snow.    And thro’ the mist the Olympics flash and float    Like opals linked around a beating throat.The soft-toned clock upon the stair chimed three—   Too sweet for sleep, too early yet to rise.    In restful peace I lay with half-closed eyes, Watching the tender hours go dreamily; The tide was flowing in; I heard the sea    Shivering along the sands; while yet the skies    Were dim, uncertain, as the light that lies Beneath the fretwork of some wild-rose tree Within the thicket gray. The chanticleer    Sent drowsy calls across the slumbrous air;    In solemn silence sweet it was to hear My own heart beat . . . Then broad and deep and fair—   Trembling in its new birth from heaven’s womb—   One crimson shaft of dawn sank thro’ my room.Two shall be born the whole world wide apart, And speak in different tongues, and pay their debts In different kinds of coin; and give no heed Each to the other’s being. And know not That each might suit the other to a T, If they were but correctly introduced. And these, unconsciously, shall bend their steps, Escaping Spaniards and defying war, Unerringly toward the same trysting-place, Albeit they know it not. Until at last They enter the same door, and suddenly They meet. And ere they’ve seen each other’s face They fall into each other’s arms, upon The Broadway cable car – and this is Fate!The twist of the stream was inscrutable.  It was a seemingly run-of-the-mill  stream that flowed for several miles by the side  of Route 302 in northern Vermont—  and presumably does still—but I’ve not  been back there for what seems like a long time.  I have it in my mind’s eye, the way  one crested a rise and rounded a corner  on the narrow blacktop, going west, and saw  off to the left in the flat green meadow  the stream turning briefly back on itself  to form a perfect loop—a useless light-filled  water noose or fragment of moon’s cursive,  a sign or message of some kind—but left behind.I am the last woman off of the plane that has crashed in a cornfield near Philly, picking through hot metal for my rucksack and diaper bag. No black box, no fuselage, just sistergirl pilot wiping soot from her eyes, happy to be alive. Her dreadlocks will hold the smoke for weeks. All the white passengers bailed out before impact, so certain a sister couldn’t navigate the crash. O gender. O race. O ye of little faith. Here we are in the cornfield, bruised and dirty but alive. I invite sistergirl pilot home for dinner at my parents’, for my mother’s roast chicken with gravy and rice, to celebrate.Before I got my eye put out – I liked as well to see As other creatures, that have eyes – And know no other way – But were it told to me, Today, That I might have the Sky For mine, I tell you that my Heart Would split, for size of me – The Meadows – mine – The Mountains – mine – All Forests – Stintless stars – As much of noon, as I could take – Between my finite eyes – The Motions of the Dipping Birds – The Morning’s Amber Road – For mine – to look at when I liked, The news would strike me dead – So safer – guess – with just my soul Opon the window pane Where other creatures put their eyes – Incautious – of the Sun –Out of the nursery and into the garden  where it rooted and survived its first hard winter,  then a few years of freedom while it blossomed,  put out its first tentative branches, withstood  the insects and the poisons for insects,  developed strange ideas about its height  and suffered the pruning of its quirks and clutters,  its self-indulgent thrusts  and the infighting of stems at cross purposes  year after year.  Each April it forgot  why it couldn’t do what it had to do,  and always after blossoms, fruit, and leaf-fall,  was shown once more what simply couldn’t happen.  Its oldest branches now, the survivors carved  by knife blades, rain, and wind, are sending shoots  straight up, blood red, into the light again.I married in the world’s black night for warmth ; ; ;    if not repose. ; ; ;    At the close— someone. I hid with him from the long range guns. ; ; ;    We lay leg ; ; ;    in the cupboard, head in closet. A slit of light at no bird dawn— ; ; ;    Untaught ; ; ;    I thought he drank too much. I say ; ; ;    I married ; ; ;    and lived unburied. I thought—Paulatim lachrymas rerum experentia tersit. 
Petrarch    Father’s books lying on the living-room floor Must be divided into threes: art history, Classical letters and, left from my days here, Unsteady stacks of quasi-educational lore That show yellowing Geographic scientists Perennially lost in rain forest mists. An instant choice will cull some from the rest So they may become mine—a banausic test. Prewar light glimmers in the apartment: A shadowplay that summons an adolescence Of slammed doors and risible nothings Hurled at retreating parental backs —The most telling blows always sotto voce— As I stormed and wept and read in silence. Now, standing again in silence, I stare At a word trove given two sons to share. Some are dated in the first blank page: 1 January 1938In the cannery the porpoise soul & the shadow fins of spirit boats lie awake the hundred hooks & flying reels one harpoon & the silver fleshing in the nets the mayor is waiting/counting scales dreaming new quotas & tuna coasts (under the table blood & payrolls swim to the shores on a crucifix of oil) in the cannery the porpoise soul steals a dagger for the engines throat tuna fins etch an X on the green stone of the ships floor there are documents with worker sweat files & rolled sleeve salt a spear of sails & anchor years (lost) inside the shoulders & against the ropes (somehow) a policy gunned the waves back before the porpoise sea was bornLong have I long’d to see my love againe,   Still have I wisht, but never could obtaine it;   Rather than all the world (if I might gaine it)
Would I desire my love’s sweet precious gaine.
Yet in my soule I see him everie day,   See him, and see his still sterne countenaunce,   But (ah) what is of long continuance,
Where majestie and beautie beares the sway?
Sometimes, when I imagine that I see him,   (As love is full of foolish fantasies)   Weening to kisse his lips, as my love’s fees,
I feele but aire: nothing but aire to bee him.   Thus with Ixion, kisse I clouds in vaine:   Thus with Ixion, feele I endles paine.Cherry-lipt Adonis in his snowie shape, ;Might not compare with his pure ivorie white, ;On whose faire front a poet’s pen may write, Whose roseate red excels the crimson grape, His love-enticing delicate soft limbs, ;Are rarely fram’d t’intrap poore gazine eies: ;His cheeks, the lillie and carnation dies, With lovely tincture which Apollo’s dims. His lips ripe strawberries in nectar wet, ;His mouth a Hive, his tongue a hony-combe, ;Where Muses (like bees) make their mansion. His teeth pure pearle in blushing correll set. ;Oh how can such a body sinne-procuring, ;Be slow to love, and quicke to hate, enduring?scene, the desert.
time, mid-day. ; In silent horror o’er the desert-waste
The driver  Hassan with his camels past.
One cruse of water on his back he bore,
And his light scrip contained a scanty store:
A fan of painted feathers in his hand,
To guard his shaded face from scorching sand.
The sultry sun had gained the middle sky,
And not a tree, and not an herb was nigh.
The beasts, with pain, their dusty way pursue,
Shrill roared the winds, and dreary was the view!
With desperate sorrow wild, th’ affrighted man
Thrice sighted, thrice struck his breast, and thus began:
Sad was the hour, and luckless was the day,   When first from Schiraz’ walls I bent my way.Nuns fret not at their convent’s narrow room; And hermits are contented with their cells; And students with their pensive citadels; Maids at the wheel, the weaver at his loom, Sit blithe and happy; bees that soar for bloom, High as the highest Peak of Furness-fells, Will murmur by the hour in foxglove bells: In truth the prison, into which we doom Ourselves, no prison is: and hence for me, In sundry moods, ’twas pastime to be bound Within the Sonnet’s scanty plot of ground; Pleased if some Souls (for such there needs must be) Who have felt the weight of too much liberty, Should find brief solace there, as I have found.My spirit is too weak—mortality    Weighs heavily on me like unwilling sleep,    And each imagined pinnacle and steep Of godlike hardship tells me I must die Like a sick eagle looking at the sky.    Yet ’tis a gentle luxury to weep    That I have not the cloudy winds to keep Fresh for the opening of the morning’s eye. Such dim-conceived glories of the brain    Bring round the heart an undescribable feud; So do these wonders a most dizzy pain,    That mingles Grecian grandeur with the rude Wasting of old time—with a billowy main—    A sun—a shadow of a magnitude.I am the only being whose doom
No tongue would ask, no eye would mourn;
I never caused a thought of gloom,
A smile of joy, since I was born.
In secret pleasure, secret tears,
This changeful life has slipped away,
As friendless after eighteen years,
As lone as on my natal day.
There have been times I cannot hide,
There have been times when this was drear,
When my sad soul forgot its pride
And longed for one to love me here.
But those were in the early glow
Of feelings since subdued by care;
And they have died so long ago,
I hardly now believe they were.
First melted off the hope of youth,
Then fancy’s rainbow fast withdrew;
And then experience told me truth
In mortal bosoms never grew.
’Twas grief enough to think mankind
All hollow, servile, insincere;
But worse to trust to my own mind
And find the same corruption thereAlong Ancona’s hills the shimmering heat,
A tropic tide of air with ebb and flow
Bathes all the fields of wheat until they glow
Like flashing seas of green, which toss and beat
Around the vines. The poppies lithe and fleet
Seem running, fiery torchmen, to and fro
To mark the shore. ; ; ; ;The farmer does not know
That they are there. He walks with heavy feet,
Counting the bread and wine by autumn’s gain,
But I,—I smile to think that days remain
Perhaps to me in which, though bread be sweet
No more, and red wine warm my blood in vain,
I shall be glad remembering how the fleet,
Lithe poppies ran like torchmen with the wheat.Rain, midnight rain, nothing but the wild rain On this bleak hut, and solitude, and me Remembering again that I shall die And neither hear the rain nor give it thanks For washing me cleaner than I have been Since I was born into solitude. Blessed are the dead that the rain rains upon: But here I pray that none whom once I loved Is dying tonight or lying still awake Solitary, listening to the rain, Either in pain or thus in sympathy Helpless among the living and the dead, Like a cold water among broken reeds, Myriads of broken reeds all still and stiff, Like me who have no love which this wild rain Has not dissolved except the love of death, If love it be towards what is perfect and Cannot, the tempest tells me, disappoint.The thought of what America would be like If the Classics had a wide circulation ; ; ; ;   Troubles my sleep, The thought of what America, The thought of what America, The thought of what America would be like If the Classics had a wide circulation ; ; ; ;   Troubles my sleep. Nunc dimittis, now lettest thou thy servant, Now lettest thou thy servant ; ; ; ;   Depart in peace. The thought of what America, The thought of what America, The thought of what America would be like If the Classics had a wide circulation . . . ; ; ; ;   Oh well! ; ; ; ;   It troubles my sleep.I like to see doctors cough. What kind of human being would grab all your money just when you're down? I'm not saying they enjoy this: "Sorry, Mr. Rodriguez, that's it, no hope! You might as well hand over your wallet." Hell no, they'd rather be playing golf and swapping jokes about our feet. Some of them smoke marijuana and are alcoholics, and their moral turpitude is famous: who gets to see most sex organs in the world? Not poets. With the hours they keep they need drugs more than anyone. Germ city, there's no hope looking down those fire-engine throats. They're bound to get sick themselves sometime; and I happen to be there myself in a high fever taking my plastic medicine seriously with the doctors, who are dying.Woman much missed, how you call to me, call to me,
Saying that now you are not as you were
When you had changed from the one who was all to me,
But as at first, when our day was fair.
Can it be you that I hear? Let me view you, then,
Standing as when I drew near to the town
Where you would wait for me: yes, as I knew you then,
Even to the original air-blue gown!
Or is it only the breeze, in its listlessness
Travelling across the wet mead to me here,
You being ever dissolved to wan wistlessness,
Heard no more again far or near?    Thus I; faltering forward,    Leaves around me falling,
Wind oozing thin through the thorn from norward,    And the woman calling.Long time a child, and still a child, when years
Had painted manhood on my cheek, was I,—
For yet I lived like one not born to die;
A thriftless prodigal of smiles and tears,
No hope I needed, and I knew no fears.
But sleep, though sweet, is only sleep, and waking,
I waked to sleep no more, at once o’ertaking
The vanguard of my age, with all arrears
Of duty on my back. Nor child, nor man,
Nor youth, nor sage, I find my head is grey,
For I have lost the race I never ran:
A rathe December blights my lagging May;
And still I am a child, tho’ I be old,
Time is my debtor for my years untold.; ; ; “The English Garden.”—Mason    The cold transparent ham is on my fork—  It hardly rains—and hark the bell!—ding-dingle—
Away! Three thousand feet at gravel work,  Mocking a Vauxhall shower!—Married and Single
Crush—rush;—Soak’d Silks with wet white Satin mingle.  Hengler! Madame! round whom all bright sparks lurk
Calls audibly on Mr. and Mrs. Pringle  To study the Sublime, &c.—(vide Burke)
All Noses are upturn’d!—Whish-ish!—On high  The rocket rushes—trails—just steals in sight—
Then droops and melts in bubbles of blue light—  And Darkness reigns—Then balls flare up and die—
Wheels whiz—smack crackers—serpents twist—and then  Back to the cold transparent ham again!There is a silence where hath been no sound,    There is a silence where no sound may be,    In the cold grave—under the deep deep sea, Or in the wide desert where no life is found, Which hath been mute, and still must sleep profound;    No voice is hush’d—no life treads silently,    But clouds and cloudy shadows wander free, That never spoke, over the idle ground: But in green ruins, in the desolate walls    Of antique palaces, where Man hath been, Though the dun fox, or wild hyena, calls,    And owls, that flit continually between, Shriek to the echo, and the low winds moan, There the true Silence is, self-conscious and alone.The moon now rises to her absolute rule, And the husbandman and hunter Acknowledge her for their mistress. Asters and golden reign in the fields And the life everlasting withers not. The fields are reaped and shorn of their pride But an inward verdure still crowns them; The thistle scatters its down on the pool And yellow leaves clothe the river— And nought disturbs the serious life of men. But behind the sheaves and under the sod There lurks a ripe fruit which the reapers have not gathered, The true harvest of the year—the boreal fruit Which it bears forever, With fondness annually watering and maturing it. But man never severs the stalk Which bears this palatable fruit.Among the signs of autumn I perceive The Roman wormwood (called by learned men Ambrosia elatior, food for gods,— For to impartial science the humblest weed Is as immortal once as the proudest flower—) Sprinkles its yellow dust over my shoes As I cross the now neglected garden. —We trample under foot the food of gods And spill their nectar in each drop of dew— My honest shoes, fast friends that never stray Far from my couch, thus powdered, countryfied, Bearing many a mile the marks of their adventure, At the post-house disgrace the Gallic gloss Of those well dressed ones who no morning dew Nor Roman wormwood ever have been through, Who never walk but are transported rather— For what old crime of theirs I do not gather.Green mwold on zummer bars do show  That they’ve a-dripp’d in winter wet;
The hoof-worn ring o’ groun’ below  The tree, do tell o’ storms or het;
The trees in rank along a ledge
Do show where woonce did bloom a hedge;
An’ where the vurrow-marks do stripe
The down, the wheat woonce rustled ripe.
Each mark ov things a-gone vrom view—
To eyezight’s woone, to soulzight two.
The grass ageän the mwoldrèn door  ’S a tóken sad o’ vo’k a-gone,
An’ where the house, bwoth wall an’ vloor,  ’S a-lost, the well mid linger on.
What tokens, then, could Meäry gi’e
That she’d a-liv’d, an’ liv’d vor me,
But things a-done vor thought an’ view?
Good things that nwone ageän can do,
An’ every work her love ha’ wrought
To eyezight’s woone, but two to thought.’Tis to yourself I speak; you cannot know
Him whom I call in speaking such an one,
For thou beneath the earth lie buried low,
Which he alone as living walks upon;
Thou mayst at times have heard him speak to you,
And often wished perchance that you were he;
And I must ever wish that it were true,
For then thou couldst hold fellowship with me;
But now thou hear’st us talk as strangers, met
Above the room wherein thou liest abed;
A word perhaps loud spoken thou mayst get,
Or hear our feet when heavily they tread;
But he who speaks, or him who’s spoken to,
Must both remain as strangers still to you.The hand and foot that stir not, they shall find Sooner than all the rightful place to go; Now in their motion free as roving wind, Though first no snail more limited and slow; I mark them full of labor all the day, Each active motion made in perfect rest; They cannot from their path mistaken stray, Though ’tis not theirs, yet in it they are blest; The bird has not their hidden track found out, Nor cunning fox, though full of art he be; It is the way unseen, the certain route, Where ever bound, yet thou art ever free; The path of Him, whose perfect law of love Bids spheres and atoms in just order move.I have no Brother,—they who meet me now
Offer a hand with their own wills defiled,
And, while they wear a smooth unwrinkled brow,
Know not that Truth can never be beguiled;
Go wash the hand that still betrays thy guilt;
Before the spirit’s gaze what stain can hide?
Abel’s red blood upon the earth is spilt,
And by thy tongue it cannot be denied;
I hear not with my ear,—the heart doth tell
Its secret deeds to me untold before;
Go, all its hidden plunder quickly sell,
Then shalt thou cleanse thee from thy brother’s gore,
Then will I take thy gift; that bloody stain
Shall not be seen upon thy hand again.Mute is thy wild harp, now, O Bard sublime!    Who, amid Scotia’s mountain solitude, Great Nature taught to “build the lofty rhyme,”    And even beneath the daily pressure, rude, Of laboring Poverty, thy generous blood, Fired with the love of freedom—Not subdued    Wert thou by thy low fortune: But a time    Like this we live in, when the abject chime Of echoing Parasite is best approved,    Was not for thee—Indignantly is fled Thy noble Spirit; and no longer moved    By all the ills o’er which thine heart has bled,    Associate worthy of the illustrious dead, Enjoys with them “the Liberty it loved.”The quick-sliding cape of mind Drags wrinkled on a dusty floor, A party dress, Sagging from those shoulders ;  of a smile ;  that stalks through crooked time ; ;    followed by a goat ; ;    nipping the petticoat. Scape-goat, grin out loud. Make the cloak a shroud. ;  He whinnys through the nose, ; ;    paws the trailing hem ; ;    and strikes a fawning pose. Tight-clamped, the clasp of tin Tears cloth it won’t undo. Before the gown slips down. A rent . . . which lets the darkness through.When bodies broken and all bodies seared Are counted up, uncrusted, tagged as feared, We know next day the scene will stand alone On pages white and mindless of the bone. Shall notice recognize beyond the burned, Or caption past the people tritely charred, Related dusty partness with the term Antiquity, the sense of death in stone And knowledge of the previously marred? On battlefields of Troy or Tuscany Or other places where techniques engaged, When warrior fell, or blade or boy enraged, Of them did campfire journalists of song Forget collective going, all but pathos, In wretchedness and fact of having gone? Accuse the gnostic grammar of old wars: It maims our grasp of accidental death Past putting down of papers to decry Their overlooking what it means to die.“I would make love to one of our whores before I would fuck one of their bourgeoisie.” There was a proverb, like this: Don’t trust a ;    if he becomes a ;    even though he remains a ;  for forty years. And the sister opposite proverb: Don’t trust a ;  even though he has been in the grave for forty years. It was a difficult day, a bomb had spun open a bus, and children had been crushed down by a machine. Each wondered if he was born too soon, if later would have been better, if 40 + 40 + 40 + 40My last Sabbath, I follow the girls, who sneak into the wedding tent, scattered with sun flower seeds and remnants of celebration. They each stand up on a    table. Take a crushed beer can as a microphone, sing and move their fifteen-year-old hips. I watch, clap for them, until a small face peers in the door. A boy. His face white with something. The door slamming, his very small fist holding it shut, having found what was inside wrong. Enough, I tell him; enough! He leaves. The girls dance again, but less bold. Look: the boy has come back, is looking you hard in the eye, through the crack of the door. There, in his hand, a neon plastic BB gun. He does this for his grandmother and for his son.Turn it over and look up into the sphere of heaven.    The tracery is lucent,    light seeping through to write,    white-ink your face, upturned.    Swing it below and it's a cradle of blue water,    the sea, a womb. A mixing bowl    for Babylonian gods. Here, they whirl up the cosmos.    Pick it up and your hands form a pedestal, and all who drink contain the arcs of body and the universe— and between them,    no imaginable tear or distance.Christ bore what suffering he could and died a young man, but you waited years to learn how to heal. Only when you could did you touch the man whose body blistered for yours. You posted him no news for sixteen terms, then just a signed graduation notice. The letter he wrote that week asked only, Now that your books are closed, can boys come in? At your wedding, you buried the woman you thought you knew inside a stranger’s name. This is how you found yourself: thirty-three, nursing a son. Soon there was another. Your mind had already begun to walk. But you were a mother. Those cribs held you.Stripped in a flamedance, the bluff backing our houses quivered in wet-black skin. A shawl of haze tugged tight around the starkness. We could have choked on August. Smoke thick in our throats, nearly naked as the earth, we played bare feet over the heat caught in asphalt. Could we, green girls, have prepared for this? Yesterday, we played in sand-carpeted caves. The store we built sold broken bits of ice plant, empty snail shells, leaves. Our school’s walls were open sky. We reeled in wonder from the hills, oblivious to the beckoning crescendo and to our parent’s hushed communion. When our bluff swayed into the undulation, we ran into the still streets of our suburb, feet burning against a fury that we did not know was change.All Nashville is a chill. And everywhere Like desert sand, when the winds blow, There is each moment sifted through the air, A powdered blast of January snow. O! thoughtless Dandelion, to be misled By a few warm days to leave thy natural bed, Was folly growth and blooming over soon. And yet, thou blasted yellow-coated gem, Full many a heart has but a common boon With thee, now freezing on thy slender stem. When the heart has bloomed by the touch of love’s warm breath Then left and chilling snow is sifted in, It still may beat but there is blast and death To all that blooming life that might have been.Such are the little memories of you;
They come and go, return and lie apart
From all main things of life; yet more than they,
With noiseless feet, they come and grip the heart.
Gay laughter leading quick and stormy tears,
Then smiles again and pulse of flying feet,
In breathless chase of fleeting gossamers,
Are memories so dear, so bitter-sweet.
No more are echoes of your flying feet.
Hard by, where Pike’s Peak rears its head in state,
The erstwhile rushing feet, with halting steps,
For health’s return in Denver watch and wait.
But love and memories of noiseless tread,
Where angels hovered once, all shining fair,
To tuck you in your little trundle bed,
Kneel nightly now in agony of prayer.Up early, trying to muffle the sounds of small tasks, grinding, pouring, riffling through yesterday’s attacks or market slump, then changing my mind—what matter the rush to the waiting room or the ring of some later dubious excuse?— having decided to return to bed and finding you curled in the sheet, a dream fluttering your eyelids, still unfallen, still asleep, I thought of the old pilgrim when, among the fixed stars in paradise, he sees Adam suddenly, the first man, there in a flame that hides his body, and when it moves to speak, what is inside seems not free, not happy, but huge and weak, like an animal in a sack. Who had captured him? What did he want to say? I lay down beside you again, not knowing if I’d stay, not knowing where I’d been.The horse fell off the poem and the Galilean women were wet with butterflies and dew, dancing above chrysanthemum The two absent ones: you and I you and I are the two absent ones A pair of white doves chatting on the branches of a holm oak No love, but I love ancient love poems that guard the sick moon from smoke I attack and retreat, like the violin in quatrains I get far from my time when I am near the topography of place ... There is no margin in modern language left to celebrate what we love, because all that will be ... was The horse fell bloodied with my poem and I fell bloodied with the horse’s blood ...Here, on fine long legs springy as steel, a life rides, sealed in a small brown pill that skims along over the basement floor wrapped up in a simple obsession. Eight legs reach out like the master ribs of a web in which some thought is caught dead center in its own small world, a thought so far from the touch of things that we can only guess at it. If mine, it would be the secret dream of walking alone across the floor of my life with an easy grace, and with love enough to live on at the center of myself.Where is my boy, my boy— In what far part of the world? The boy I loved best of all in the school?— I, the teacher, the old maid, the virgin heart, Who made them all my children. Did I know my boy aright, Thinking of him as spirit aflame, Active, ever aspiring? Oh, boy, boy, for whom I prayed and prayed In many a watchful hour at night, Do you remember the letter I wrote you Of the beautiful love of Christ? And whether you ever took it or not, My boy, wherever you are, Work for your soul’s sake, That all the clay of you, all the dross of you, May yield to the fire of you, Till the fire is nothing but light! . . . Nothing but light!Holy Trinity Airship billows a chrys- elephantine cave Louis Sullivan, Arch- itect, lord master, conceived of in the hollow of power. He swells. I am his balloonist balancing an azimuth as earth-apse I orbit, robed in hot gas & leather fastened by a yolk-stalk of gravity to gold- end onions nozzling heavens whose suns are stomachs with churches in their navels. Each we are priests as aeronauts at the vestibules, & enter the cavity: space, self, organ; celest- ial nave bellies stars sailors name saints and adore— their egress is bitter weeping, their praise pure Russian form: a cathedral, my inner orrery."Myrtle loves Harry"—It is sometimes hard to remember a thing like that, Hard to think about it, and no one knows what to do with it when he has it, So write it out on a billboard that stands under the yellow light of an "L" platform among popcorn wrappers and crushed cigars, A poster that says "Mama I Love Crispy Wafers So." Leave it on a placard where somebody else gave the blonde lady a pencil moustache, and another perplexed citizen deposited: "Jesus Saves. Jesus Saves." One can lay this bundle down there with the others, And never lose it, or forget it, or want it. "Myrtle loves Harry." They live somewhere.Even when your friend, the radio, is still; even when her dream, the magazine, is finished; even when his life, the ticker, is silent; even when their destiny, the boulevard, is bare; And after that paradise, the dance-hall, is closed; after that theater, the clinic, is dark, Still there will be your desire, and hers, and his hopes and theirs, Your laughter, their laughter, Your curse and his curse, her reward and their reward, their dismay and his dismay and her dismay and yours— Even when your enemy, the collector, is dead; even when your counsellor, the salesman, is sleeping; even when your sweetheart, the movie queen, has spoken; even when your friend, the magnate, is gone.I sing of simple people and the hardier virtues, by Associated Stuffed Shirts & Company, Incorporated, 358 West 42d Street, New York, brochure enclosed    of Christ on the Cross, by a visitor to Calvary, first class    art deals with eternal, not current verities, revised from last week's Sunday supplement    guess what we mean, in The Literary System, and a thousand noble answers to a thousand empty questions, by a patriot who needs the dough. And so it goes.    Books are the key to magic portals. Knowledge is power. Give the people light.    Writing must be such a nice profession.    Fill in the coupon. How do you know? Maybe you can be a writer, too.Most truly honoured, and as truly dear,If worth in me or ought I do appear,Who can of right better demand the sameThan may your worthy self from whom it came?The principal might yield a greater sum,Yet handled ill, amounts but to this crumb;My stock's so small I know not how to pay,My bond remains in force unto this day;Yet for part payment take this simple mite,Where nothing's to be had, kings loose their right.Such is my debt I may not say forgive,But as I can, I'll pay it while I live;Such is my bond, none can discharge but I,Yet paying is not paid until I die.If I had known  Two years ago how drear this life should be,  And crowd upon itself allstrangely sad,  Mayhap another song would burst from out my lips,  Overflowing with the happiness of future hopes;  Mayhap another throb than that of joy.  Have stirred my soul into its inmost depths, ; ; ; ;If I had known.  If I had known,  Two years ago the impotence of love,  The vainness of a kiss, how barren a caress,  Mayhap my soul to higher things have soarn,  Nor clung to earthly loves and tender dreams,  But ever up aloft into the blue empyrean,  And there to master all the world of mind, ; ; ; ;If I had known.Who died and made you Elvis? 
 ; —Bumper sticker    The big rock by my door is a plaster prop, after all. I’m back to hear screams for what I can’t do, couldn’t do forty years ago. Awkward pelvic thrusts fooled the camera and virgins, but I have no more fish- fry tunes left to dress up on brand new plates. This time around, I spend all day singing cracked Mississippi homilies. Why did I want to live forever in the first place? Salvation felt better dead, floating home free while my bones, secret and brown, mingle with old dirt.Or a man who looks like him. I only know I call him Daddy (as all southern women do until the day we die). In my dreams he is still alive and this is not a comfort. I am my best when tragic. Grief becomes me. Daddy is more real in death, eyes dark, undimmed by the grave, smile less sincere. Matter clings to his thick eyebrows, his mouth spits mud when he tries to talk. He is candid. He tells me he liked my sisters better than me. Most times I search for him in a crowd of counterfeit Daddies. I look for pieces of him. An elbow. Black hair on the back of a pale neck. If I find him, I will say, Is that you? I know you this time.Sweet beast, I have gone prowling, ;a proud rejected man who lived along the edges ;catch as catch can; in darkness and in hedges ;I sang my sour tone and all my love was howling ;conspicuously alone. I curled and slept all day ;or nursed my bloodless wounds until the squares were silent ;where I could make my tunes singular and violent. ;Then, sure as hearers came I crept and flinched away. ;And, girl, you've done the same. A stray from my own type, ;led along by blindness, my love was near to spoiled ;and curdled all my kindness. I find no kin, no child; ;only the weasel's ilk. Sweet beast, cat of my own stripe, ;come and take my milk.Fortune has brought me down—her wonted way— ;  from station great and high to low estate;Fortune has rent away my plenteous store: ;  of all my wealth honor alone is left.Fortune has turned my joy to tears: how oft ;  did fortune make me laugh with what she gave!But for these girls, the kata’s downy brood, ;  unkindly thrust from door to door as hard—Far would I roam and wide to seek my bread ;  in earth that has no lack of breadth and length.Nay, but our children in our midst, what else ;  but our hearts are they, walking on the ground?If but the breeze blow harsh on one of them ;  my eye says no to slumber all night long.If a fairy should come from BabylandWith a smile on his face and a wand in his hand,And say to me in his merry way,“I wish to hear what you have to say’Bout being born all over again—Exactly where and exactly whenAnd just what kind of a feller you’d likeTo have for your dad on this earthly hike,”I’d look at him and try to be As nonchalant and gay as he,And then I’d say, “If I must beBorn again, it seems to me,It doesn’t matter much just where or when(For what’s a baby now and then?)But there’s one thing I must requestSo will you do your level bestAnd kindly see that I shall dropInto the self-same arms of the self-same Pop?For, take it from me, he’s the very best dadThat any baby’s ever had!”our suppers stunned on the table hold radios ; ; ; ;   hold flasks of sound, ; ; ; ; ;sharp intensities bottled up for a time I taste your imagination, authors, and place it among cotton trees whose white stuff perches, cousins of the air if the manner could be political the high walls protect against disgust the lady of blue glass ; ; ; ; ; ;  joined by Pierrot, a griffin,    papers, books, the chilled correspondence, ;and another woman whose futurist shape suggests lines of the wind on my desk to awaken the traffic would have to run into the radiothe poets have always preceded, as Mallarmé preceded Cézanne, neck and neck    that was no privilege, sweet and forgotten seated in chairs, the afternoon marches along with the shadows which are not bougainvillaea but northern    I have always loved shadows as long as they were northern and moved gently west    like the crack-up of books, their spines tingling with notes and stuffing most people remember the gardens with cement flowers and the house going straight up like solidified swimming-pools or lilies when you get to the top which they once called widow’s walk, you wait in nothing but your garden hat, beautifully otherwise naked for the wind-swept sea and the dying sweetness or womb, declaring the completion of philosophyWhen I was a child I knew red miners dressed raggedly and wearing carbide lamps. I saw them come down red hills to their camps dyed with red dust from old Ishkooda mines. Night after night I met them on the roads, or on the streets in town I caught their glance; the swing of dinner buckets in their hands, and grumbling undermining all their words. I also lived in low cotton country where moonlight hovered over ripe haystacks, or stumps of trees, and croppers’ rotting shacks with famine, terror, flood, and plague near by; where sentiment and hatred still held sway and only bitter land was washed away.All you violated ones with gentle hearts; You violent dreamers whose cries shout heartbreak; Whose voices echo clamors of our cool capers, And whose black faces have hollowed pits for eyes. All you gambling sons and hooked children and bowery bums Hating white devils and black bourgeoisie, Thumbing your noses at your burning red suns, Gather round this coffin and mourn your dying swan. Snow-white moslem head-dress around a dead black face! Beautiful were your sand-papering words against our skins! Our blood and water pour from your flowing wounds. You have cut open our breasts and dug scalpels in our brains. When and Where will another come to take your holy place? Old man mumbling in his dotage, crying child, unborn?My monkey-wrench man is my sweet patootie; the lover of my life, my youth and age. My heart belongs to him and to him only; the children of my flesh are his and bear his rage Now grown to years advancing through the dozens the honeyed kiss, the lips of wine and fire fade blissfully into the distant years of yonder but all my days of Happiness and wonder are cradled in his arms and eyes entire. They carry us under the waters of the world out past the starposts of a distant planet And creeping through the seaweed of the ocean they tangle us with ropes and yarn of memories where we have been together, you and I.Seven of them pinned in blood by long, shiny tails, three of them still alive and writhing against the wood, their heaviness whipping the wall as they try to break free, rattles beating in unison, hisses slowly dying in silence, the other four hanging stiff like ropes to another life, patterns of torn skin dripping with power and loss, the wonder of who might have done this turning in shock as all seven suddenly come alive when I get closer, pink mouths trembling with white fangs, lunging at me then falling back, entangled in one another to form twisted letters that spell a bloody word I can’t understand.Sidewalks of webs and weeds Run parallel to empy lots where foul deeds By handkerchief heads and winos were played, To that old house where we stayed. Irma Jean, Cora Jean and I, three debs, Against the cracks of weeds and webs. Sitting through matinees, dodging chores, Chewing gum; claiming boys were bores. But secretly grooming hair and breasts; Jennie’s brood, a female nest. Irma, long-legged, delicious full lips, Taught Cora and me to wiggle our hips. George Darlington Love, a beau, my first; They yelled his name like a tribal curse As his virginal fingers pressed our bell. Against that background of sights and smells, We ignored switchblades, zip guns, and knees Shattered by cops in that place without trees. Now memories of dances are sprinkled like seeds Among cousins and sidewalks of webs and weeds.God washes clean the souls and hearts of you, His favored ones, whose backs bend o’er the soil, Which grudging gives to them requite for toil In sober graces and in vision true. God places in your hands the pow’r to do A service sweet. Your gift supreme to foil The bare-fanged wolves of hunger in the moil Of Life’s activities. Yet all too few Your glorious band, clean sprung from Nature’s heart; The hope of hungry thousands, in whose breast Dwells fear that you should fail. God placed no dart Of war within your hands, but pow’r to start Tears, praise, love, joy, enwoven in a crest To crown you glorious, brave ones of the soil.Earbud—a tiny marble sheathed in foam   to wear like an interior earring so you   can enjoy private noises wherever you go,   protected from any sudden silence.   Only check your batteries, then copy   a thousand secret songs and stories   on the tiny pod you carry in your pocket.   You are safe now from other noises made   by other people, other machines, by chance,   noises you have not chosen as your own.   To get your attention, I touch your arm   to show you the tornado or the polar bear.   Sometimes I catch you humming or talking to the air   as if to a shrunken lover waiting in your ear.I hold my two-year-old son   under his arms and start to twirl.   His feet sway away from me   and the day becomes a blur.   Everything I own is flying into space:   yard toys, sandbox, tools,   garage and house,   and, finally, the years of my life.   When we stop, my son is a grown man,   and I am very old. We stagger    back into each other's arms   one last time, two lost friends   heavy with drink,   remembering the good old days.In the glory of the gloaming-green soccer field her team, the Gladiators, is losing ten to zip. She never loses interest in the roughhouse one-on-one that comes every half a minute. She sticks her leg in danger and comes out the other side running. Later a clump of opponents on the street is chant- ing, WE WON, WE WON, WE . . . She stands up on the convertible seat holding to the wind-   shield. WE LOST, WE LOST BIGTIME, TEN TO NOTHING, WE LOST, WE LOST. Fist pumping air. The other team quiet, abashed, chastened. Good losers don't laugh last; they laugh continuously, all the way home so glad.I was always leaving, I was about to get up and go, I was on my way, not sure where. Somewhere else. Not here. Nothing here was good enough. It would be better there, where I was going. Not sure how or why. The dome I cowered under would be raised, and I would be released into my true life. I would meet there the ones I was destined to meet.   They would make an opening for me among the flutes and boulders, and I would be taken up. That this might be a form of death did not occur to me. I only know that something held me back, a doubt, a debt, a face I could not leave behind. When the door fell open, I did not go through.Beyond the field of grazing, gazing cows the great bull has a pasture to himself, monumental, black flanks barely twitching from the swarming flies. Only a few strands of wire separate us—how could I forget my childhood terror, the grownups warning that the old bull near my uncle’s farm would love to chase me, stomp me, gore me if I ever got too close. And so I skirted acres just to keep my distance, peeking through the leaves to see if he still was watching me, waiting for some foolish move— those fierce red eyes, the thunder in the ground— or maybe that was simply nightmares. It’s getting hard to tell, as years themselves keep gaining ground relentlessly, their hot breath on my back, and not a fence in sight.Take this kiss upon the brow!And, in parting from you now,Thus much let me avow —You are not wrong, who deemThat my days have been a dream;Yet if hope has flown awayIn a night, or in a day,In a vision, or in none,Is it therefore the less gone?  All that we see or seemIs but a dream within a dream.I stand amid the roarOf a surf-tormented shore,And I hold within my handGrains of the golden sand —How few! yet how they creepThrough my fingers to the deep,While I weep — while I weep!O God! Can I not grasp Them with a tighter clasp?O God! can I not saveOne from the pitiless wave?Is all that we see or seemBut a dream within a dream?This is all I am to her now: a pair of legs in running shoes, two arms strung with braided wire. She heaves a carton sagging with CDs  at me and I accept it gladly, lifting with my legs, not bending over, ; raising each foot high enough to clear the step. Fortunate to be  of any use to her at all, I wrestle, stooped and single-handed,  with her mattress in the stairwell, saying nothing as it pins me,  sweating, to the wall. Vacuum cleaner, spiny cactus, five-pound sacks  of rice and lentils slumped against my heart: up one flight  of stairs and then another, down again with nothing in my arms.He called her:  golden dawn She called him:  the wind whistles He called her:  heart of the sky She called him:  message bringer He called her:  mother of pearl ; ;  barley woman, rice provider, ; ;  millet basket, corn maid, ; ;  flax princess, all-maker, weef She called him:  fawn, roebuck, ; ;  stag, courage, thunderman, ; ;  all-in-green, mountain strider ; ;  keeper of forests, my-love-rides He called her:  the tree is She called him:  bird dancing He called her:  who stands, ; ;  has stood, will always stand She called him:  arriver He called her:  the heart and the womb ; ;  are similar She called him:  arrow in my heart.My father’s dying resembles nothing so much as a small village building itself in the mind of a traveler who reads about it and thinks to go there. The journey is imagined in a way not even felt as when years ago I knew my father would die someday. The idea came up as fast as a curve in a road which opens out to an unexpected vista, and now in this journey the road gravel crunches under my tires. I miss some of the streets, get lost, get lost. I find I’m no tourist anymore and settle into the oldest human assignment. Bury your father and live forever as a stranger in that town.Crooks run the whole world, and the Dow just fell. Crap rules the airwaves. All your best plans stall. The air is dirty, and you don’t feel well. Your wife won’t listen. Friends no longer call. Sad songs from youth no longer cast a spell. Cancer research has run into a wall. Some inflated hack just won the Nobel. You witness clear signs of decline and fall. The neighbors are cold, and your house won’t sell. Your cat has bad teeth. Your paychecks feel small. Maybe you’re really sick. It’s hard to tell. Up ahead, traffic has slowed to a crawl. The world didn’t just start going to hell. You just noticed for the first time, that’s all.We invent our gods the way the Greeks did, in our own image—but magnified. Athena, the very mother of wisdom, squabbled with Poseidon like any human sibling until their furious tempers made the sea writhe. Zeus wore a crown of lightning bolts one minute, a cloak of feathers the next, as driven by earthly lust he prepared to swoop down on Leda. Despite their power, frailty ran through them like the darker veins in the marble of these temples we call monuments. Looking at Jefferson now, I think of the language he left for us to live by. I think of the slave in the kitchen downstairs.The jolt that comes to bones inside a tumbled streetcar is what the painter considers as she strokes her- self into story. There is less to the jolt that   comes as he shuts his eyes before the monitor, save what he imagines—a lightning bolt, a god tapping the shoulder. He imagines the sky swelling   with ceiling fans or the guano of extinct birds,   a jolt riding from his shoulder blades to his eyelids, dropping with roller   coaster clacks to his fingers. Here, he dreams of Frida Kahlo. Here, he says, let me spread my flesh out like a table linen, let my bones be silver that touches,   making, again, that clack. My skull will be a glass,   set properly, I have class enough.There’s a farm auction up the road.Wind has its bid in for the leaves.Already bugs flurry the headlightsbetween cornfields at night.If this world were permanent,I could dance full as the squaw dresson the clothesline.I would not see winterin the square of white yard-light on the wall.But something tugs at me.The world is at a loss and I am part of itmigrating daily.Everything is up for grabslike a box of farm tools broken open.I hear the spirits often in the gardenand along the shore of corn.I know this place is not mine.I hear them up the road again.This world is a horizon, an open sea.Behind the house, the white iceberg of the barn.the winged thang built her dream palace amid the fine green eyes of a sheltering bough she did not know it was urban turf disguised as serenely delusionally rural nor did she know the neighborhood was rife with slant-mawed felines and those long-taloned swoopers of prey. she was ignorant of the acidity & oil that slowly polluted the earth, and was never to detect the serpent coiled one strong limb below following her nature she flitted and dove for whatever blades twigs and mud could be found under the humming blue and created a hatchery for her spawn not knowing all were doomedWhat did I know, what did I know Of gazing silences and terrored stone Brilliances; beauty of what’s hardbitten The auroral darkness which is God Then you arrived, meditative, ironic My head gripped in bony vice Mouth of agony shaping a cry it cannot utter What did I know, what did I know Of a changing permanence The stains and dirty tools of struggle Weaving a wish and a weariness together Years before your time. Years and years I gaze through layered light Within the rock of the undiscovered suns I see, I walk with you among The landscape lush, metallic, flayed Behind us, beyond us now The very sunlight here seems flammablewe must know a force 
greater than our weaknesses 
 ; ;  —Jean Toomer ;like most boys, ignorant or fearful of beauty, we pinned back the wings of butterflies and plucked off their legs, and watched and watched them tumble from leaves like pinecones wheeling from rooftops; and we laughed. we crumbled alka-seltzer for the pigeons, “those flying rats” my mother’s ex-husband once called. their bodies floundering like toys flung from a window. white foam from their mouths stark against the asphalt framing their artless convulsions and we laughed with open-mouths until tears dripped from our chins and our throats were raw with the rightness of god.There was never a sound beside the wood but one,And that was my long scythe whispering to the ground.What was it it whispered? I knew not well myself;Perhaps it was something about the heat of the sun,Something, perhaps, about the lack of sound—And that was why it whispered and did not speak.It was no dream of the gift of idle hours,Or easy gold at the hand of fay or elf:Anything more than the truth would have seemed too weakTo the earnest love that laid the swale in rows,Not without feeble-pointed spikes of flowers(Pale orchises), and scared a bright green snake.The fact is the sweetest dream that labor knows.My long scythe whispered and left the hay to make.In america, I place my ring on your cock where it belongs. No horsemen bearing terror, no soldiers of doom will swoop in and sweep us apart. They’re too busy looting the land to watch us. They don’t know we need each other critically. They expect us to call in sick, watch television all night, die by our own hands. They don’t know we are becoming powerful. Every time we kiss we confirm the new world coming. What the rose whispers before blooming I vow to you. I give you my heart, a safe house. I give you promises other than milk, honey, liberty. I assume you will always be a free man with a dream. In america, place your ring on my cock where it belongs. Long may we live to free this dream.O hushed October morning mild,Thy leaves have ripened to the fall;Tomorrow’s wind, if it be wild,Should waste them all.The crows above the forest call;Tomorrow they may form and go.O hushed October morning mild,Begin the hours of this day slow.Make the day seem to us less brief.Hearts not averse to being beguiled,Beguile us in the way you know.Release one leaf at break of day;At noon release another leaf;One from our trees, one far away.Retard the sun with gentle mist;Enchant the land with amethyst.Slow, slow!For the grapes’ sake, if they were all,Whose leaves already are burnt with frost,Whose clustered fruit must else be lost—For the grapes’ sake along the wall.I wonder about the trees.Why do we wish to bearForever the noise of theseMore than another noiseSo close to our dwelling place?We suffer them by the dayTill we lose all measure of pace,And fixity in our joys,And acquire a listening air.They are that that talks of goingBut never gets away;And that talks no less for knowing,As it grows wiser and older,That now it means to stay.My feet tug at the floorAnd my head sways to my shoulderSometimes when I watch trees sway,From the window or the door.I shall set forth for somewhere,I shall make the reckless choiceSome day when they are in voiceAnd tossing so as to scareThe white clouds over them on.I shall have less to say,But I shall be gone.We drove past late fall fields as flat and cold as sheets of tin and, in the distance, trees were tossed like coins against the sky. Stunned gold and bronze, oaks, maples stood in twos and threes: some copper bright, a few dull brown and, now and then, the shock of one so steeled with frostit glittered like a dime. The autumn boughs and blackened branches wore a somber glossthat whispered tails to me, not heads. I read memorial columns in their trunks; their leavesspelled UNUM, cent; and yours, the only head . . .  in penny profile, Lincoln-like (one sleeve,one eye) but even it was turning tails as russet leaves lay spent across the trails.The food is on the table. Turkey tanned to a cowboy boot luster, potatoes mashed and mounded in a bowl whose lip is lined with blue flowers linked by grey vines faded from washing. Everyone’s heads have turned to elongate the table’s view—a last supper twisted toward a horizon where the Christmas tree, crowned by a window, sets into itself half inclined.   Each belly cries. Each pair of eyes admonished by Aunt Photographer. Look up. You’re wined and dined for the older folks who’ve pined to see your faces, your lives, lightly framed in this moment’s flash. Parents are moved, press their children’s heads up from the table, hide their hunger by rubbing lightly wrinkled hands atop their laps. They’ll hold the image as long as need be, seconds away from grace.The wintry west extends his blast,And hail and rain does blaw;Or, the stormy north sends driving forthThe blinding sleet and snaw:While tumbling brown, the burn comes down,And roars frae bank to brae;And bird and beast in covert rest,And pass the heartless day.The sweeping blast, the sky o’ercast,The joyless winter-day,Let others fear, to me more dearThan all the pride of May:The tempest’s howl, it soothes my soul,My griefs it seems to join;The leafless trees my fancy please,Their fate resembles mine!Thou Pow’r Supreme, whose mighty schemeThese woes of mine fulfil,Here, firm, I rest, they must be best,Because they are Thy will!Then all I want (O, do Thou grantThis one request of mine!)Since to enjoy Thou dost deny,Assist me to resign.Here comes the powdered milk I drank as a child, and the money it saved. Here come the papers I delivered, the spotted dog in heat that followed me home and the dogs that followed her. Here comes a load of white laundry from basketball practice, and sheets with their watermarks of semen. And here comes snow, a language in which no word is ever repeated, love is impossible, and remorse. . . . Yet childhood doesn’t end, but accumulates, each memory knit to the next, and the fields become one field. If to die is to lose all detail, then death is not so distinguished, but a profusion of detail, a last gossip, character passed wholly into fate and fate in flecks, like dust, like flour, like snow.It is all kind of lovely that I know what I attend here now the maturity of snow has settled around forming a sort of time pushing that other over either horizon and all is mine in any colors to be chosen and everything is cold and nothing is totally frozen soon enough the primary rough erosion of what white fat it will occur ; stiff yellows O beautiful beautifully austere ; be gotten down to, that much rash and achievement that ; ;    would promote to, but now I know my own red network electrifying this welcome annual hush.Why & what is sweetness all alone? Either that or it becomes, alas, fleeting, Which actually helps, because of rhythm. & there’s a pale intensity to truth, no matter How pale it is on the levels we receive on. I mean, the minute you invent a time interval The more it seems to “jelly out” the excitation Of accidents; zum Beispiel, “Saginaw, Michigan.” ; ;   After a while, we almost expect him or her To inveigle us into a cafe without bay-breasted warblers. It’s almost like we have a streak of orange-smell Which nobody’ll pay for because they can’t talk to it, Although that’s probably all wrong, or at least falsified By its very mention, like gravity. Do you agree?Adolescent white pelicans squawk, rustle, flap their wings, lift off in a ragged spiral at imaginary danger. What danger on this island in the middle of Marble Lake? They’re off to feel the lift of wind under their iridescent wings, because they were born to fly, because they have nothing else to do, because wind and water are their elements, their Bach, their Homer, Shakespeare, and Spielberg. They wheel over the lake, the little farms, the tourist village with their camera eyes.  In autumn something urges them toward Texas marshes. They follow their appetites and instincts, unlike the small beetles creeping along geometric roads, going toward small boxes, toward lives as narrow or as wide as the pond, as glistening or as gray as the sky. They do not know why. They fly, they fly.The merest suggestion of mouth and I was ravenous—I filled the house with chocolate, chestnuts, strudel, blood sausage; I bathed in butter. A glimpse of tongue and I was undone, simply a hint of heavy cream and the wax came off in a greasy slab, there were no cauldrons large enough. I imagined his body drawn in sections, flank, ribs, and tenderloin, I rubbed the blade to sparks, my stove walls sweated, windows dripping. Afterwards the house was a shell. My tongue: scorched white. I had to staple my stomach down to the size of a lichee nut. Thimbleful of broth, thimbleful of gruel, the merest suggestion floods my mouth with memory so rich I practically drown.Βροδοπαχεες αγναι Χαριτες, δεντε Λιος κοραι ; Ye rosy-armed, pure Graces, come, ;Daughters of Zeus, be near! Oh, wherefore have my lips been dumb ;So long in silence drear?And why have I so cheerless been,    So sorrowful and wild? It was because ye were not seen,    Because ye had not smiled.Although his prayer the Muses bless,    The poet doth requireThat ye, in frolic gentleness,    Should stand beside his lyre.Ne’er will he mortal ear delight, ; Nor care-vex’d spirit ease;Except he sing with ye in sight, ;Rose-flushed among the trees.All those ;Liquid love affairs, Blind swimmers ;Trusting rumps. We wiggled, ; Imagining water. Wet, where was ; The One? Nevermind Atlantis ;And the promise Of moving pictures, ;A lit candle In the window ;Of our conscious minds. Those who danced, ;Pretending to swim Underwater, ;Did so out Of pure allegiance. ;Some wore snorkels Made with ;The waistbands Of funky underwear, ;Others wet suits With clothespins ;Clamped to their noses, Airtight as ; Black Power handshakes. Rump-by-rump, ; The strings attached To our thangs were ; Reeled into The Deep And rhythmic as fins, ; Schools of P signs Flapped and waved ; Like flags. One nation ; Under a groove. No one held their breath ; In the flashlit depth. No one sank.He was tall, lean, serious about his profession, said it disturbed him to see mismatched teeth. Squinting, he asked me to turn toward the light as he held an unglazed crown by my upper incisors. With a small brush he applied yellow, gray, pink, violet and green from a palette of glazes, then fired it at sixteen hundred  degrees. We went outside to check the final color, and he was pleased. Today the dentist put it in my mouth, and no one could ever guess my secret: there’s no one quite like me, and I can prove it by the unique shade of the ivory sculptures attached to bony sockets in my jaw. A gallery opens when I smile. Even the forgery gleams.The rooks are cawing  up and down the trees! Among their nests they caw. O sound I treasure, Ripe as old music is, the summer's measure, Sleep at her gossip, sylvan mysteries, With prate and clamour to give zest of these— In rune I trace the ancient law of pleasure, Of love, of all the busy-ness of leisure, With dream on dream of never-thwarted ease. O homely birds, whose cry is harbinger Of nothing sad, who know not anything Of sea-birds' loneliness, of Procne's strife, Rock round me when I die! So sweet it were To die by open doors, with you on wing Humming the deep security of life.My father gets quite mad at me; my mother gets upset— when they catch me watching our new television set. My father yells, “Turn that thing off!” Mom says, “It’s time to study.” I’d rather watch my favorite TV show with my best buddy. I sneak down after homework and turn the set on low. But when she sees me watching it, my mother yells out, “No!” Dad says, “If you don’t turn it off, I’ll hang it from a tree!” I rather doubt he’ll do it, ’cause he watches more than me. He watches sports all weekend, and weekday evenings too, while munching chips and pretzels— the room looks like a zoo. So if he ever got the nerve to hang it from a tree, he’d spend a lot of time up there— watching it with me.The cruelty of ages past affects us now Whoever it was who lived here lived a mean life Each door has locks designed for keys unknown Our living room was once somebody’s home Our bedroom, someone’s only room Our kitchen had a hasp upon its door. Door to a kitchen? And our lives are hasped and boundaried Because of ancient locks and madnesses Of slumlord greed and desperate privacies Which one is madness? Depends on who you are. We find we cannot stay, the both of us, in the same room Dance, like electrons, out of each other’s way. The cruelties of ages past affect us nowThe slate black sky. The middle step of the back porch. And long ago my mother’s necklace, the beads rolling north and south. Broken the rose stem, water into drops, glass knobs on the bedroom door. Last summer’s pot of parsley and mint, white roots shooting like streamers through the cracks. Years ago the cat’s tail, the bird bath, the car hood’s rusted latch. Broken little finger on my right hand at birth— I was pulled out too fast. What hasn’t been rent, divided, split? Broken the days into nights, the night sky into stars, the stars into patterns I make up as I trace them with a broken-off blade of grass. Possible, unthinkable, the cricket’s tiny back as I lie on the lawn in the dark, my heart a blue cup fallen from someone’s hands.The Roman Catholic bells of Princeton, New Jersey, wake me from rousing dreams into a resounding hangover. Sweet Jesus, my life is hateful to me. Seven a.m. and time to walk my dog on a leash. Ice on the sidewalk and in the gutters, and the wind comes down our one-way street like a deuce-and-a-half, a six-by, a semi, huge with a cold load of growls. There's not only leaf left to bear witness, with twitch and scuttle, rattle and rasp, against the blatant roaring of the wrongway wind. Only my nose running and my face frozen into a kind of grin which has nothing to do with the ice and the wind or death and December, but joy pure and simple when my black and tan puppy, for the first time ever, lifts his hind leg to pee.The buildings are worn. The trees are strong and ancient. They bend against the grid of electric lines. The windows are broken by the homeless and the cold past. I am home on the yard that spreads mint, pales the Victorian roses, takes into it the ravaged lilac tree. The black bulk of plastic lies about stopping unwanted weeds for the Landlord. Tattered, the cedar tree is chipped to dry heaps of recklessness. The unwanted spreads by the power of neglect. The wear of traffic says that we are out of time, must hurry. Age, the creak in the handmade screen door fades behind itself.Filled with old lovers, in the clutch of the chair, you are a bloom of uncombed hair. With a collection of roses, bowls of mashed petals, I make a clear cup of sky. Fold away clouds. Roll up blankets of blue. I am a body of empty husks. Indian corn is in your hair, the tassels, the pollen, fertility. Indelible ink is tattooing our lungs. We speak smoke. We exchange our lunacy for reverence. Respect tornados. Windy Woman. Four Winds. We have extended the edge of expectation by merely living. You have tallied compulsion into currency. I am measured by the excitement my lips stir. I am the bin for castoffs and the weary. I wear my veil. I have no children, but you have many. You dream of heaven and they all run up to meet you.By nature Indians are very lazy and sworn enemies of work. 
They prefer to suffer hunger than to fatigue themselves 
with agriculture. Therefore, they must be forced to do this by their 
superiors. With six industrious Europeans one can do more 
in one day than fifty Indians —Joseph Och, Missionary in Sonora: Travel Reports 
of Joseph Och, S.J., 1755-1767 ; Mining: The Indian is naked, swinging quarter to half hundredweight steel-edged crowbars. He climbs beams with notches set step by step, carrying ore in plaited baskets on his shoulders. They are given one half-bushel of maize per week. This is their payment unless they have a family– then they are given two half-bushels.Two men using a wheelbarrow could haul out more than can thirty lazy Indians working an entire day.Footpath passing a school, undiscovered by a nun black at her blackboard’s explanation of Vanishing Americans’ vanishing, I find myself flagged, by two not quite red rows, unfurled into grin, two white, and by one five-pointed, pale star. My lips let my teeth pledge allegiance, again, my fingers orbiting their own warmth, around this pen, as straight as Old Glory’s tall pole, but admittedly, ingloriously smaller, and, as the star descends, it draws, from Christian calendars’ precision constellations, a child—hand cramped from fisting fact onto dusty black clutching a wand, to draw him Everywhere. Though the teacher scowls us back to my dead, risen from The Trail of Tears as chalk, this day before Thanksgiving Day; a child will lead, as I finish taking my walk.Vodu green clinching his waist, obi purple ringing his neck, Shango, God of the spirits, whispering in his ear, thunderlight stabbing the island of blood rising from his skull. Mojo bone in his fist strikes the sun from his eye. Iron claw makes his wrist. He recalls the rites of strength carved upon his chest. Black flame, like tongues of glass, ripples beneath a river of sweat. Strike the island! Strike the sun! Strike the eye of evil! Strike the guilty one! No power can stay the mojo when the obi is purple and the vodu is green and Shango is whispering, Bathe me in blood. I am not clean.Beloved, I have to adore the earth: The wind must have heard your voice once. It echoes and sings like you. The soil must have tasted you once. It is laden with your scent. The trees honor you in gold and blush when you pass. I know why the north country is frozen. It has been trying to preserve your memory. I know why the desert burns with fever. It was wept too long without you. On hands and knees, the ocean begs up the beach, and falls at your feet. I have to adore the mirror of the earth. You have taught her well how to be beautiful.Come darkest night, becoming sorrow best;    Light; leave thy light; fitt for a lightsome soule;    Darknes doth truly sure with mee oprest    Whom absence power doth from mirthe controle:The very trees with hanging heads condole    Sweet sommers parting, and of leaves distrest    In dying coulers make a griefe-full role;    Soe much (alas) to sorrow are they prest,Thus of dead leaves her farewell carpett’s made:    Theyr fall, theyr branches, all theyr mournings prove;    With leavles, naked bodies, whose huese vade    From hopefull greene, to wither in theyr love,If trees, and leaves for absence, mourners beeNoe mervaile that I grieve, who like want see.When I beeheld the Image of my deere    With greedy lookes mine eyes would that way bend,    Fear, and desire did inwardly contend;    Feare to bee mark’d, desire to drawe still neere,And in my soule a speritt wowld apeer,    Which boldnes waranted, and did pretend    To bee my genius, yett I durst nott lend    My eyes in trust wher others seemed soe cleere,Then did I search from whence this danger ’rose,    If such unworthynes in mee did rest    As my sterv’d eyes must nott with sight bee blest;    When jealousie her poyson did disclose;Yett in my hart unseense of jealous eyeThe truer Image shall in triumph lye.Love peruse me, seeke, and findeHow each corner of my minde ; ;  Is a twine ; ;  Woven to shine.Not a Webb ill made, foule fram’d,Bastard not by Father nam’d, ; ;  Such in me ; ;  Cannot bee.Deare behold me, you shall seeFaith the Hive, and love the Bee, ; ;  Which doe bring. ; ;  Gaine and sting.Pray desect me, sinewes, vaines,Hold, and loves life in those gaines; ; ;  Lying bare ; ;  To despaire,When you thus anotamiseAll my body, my heart prise; ; ;  Being true ; ;  Just to you.Close the Truncke, embalme the Chest,Where your power still shall rest, ; ;  Joy entombe, ; ;  Loves just doome.; ; ; ; ; ;   She rarely made us do it— we’d clear the table instead—so my sister and I teased that some day we’d train our children right and not end up like her, after every meal stuck with red knuckles, a bleached rag to wipe and wring. The one chore she spared us: gummy plates in water greasy and swirling with sloughed peas, globs of egg and gravy. ; ; ; ; ; ;    Or did she guard her place at the window? Not wanting to give up the gloss of the magnolia, the school traffic humming. Sunset, finches at the feeder. First sightings of the mail truck at the curb, just after noon, delivering a note, a card, the least bit of news.A day will come I’ll watch you reading this.I’ll look up from these words I’m writing now—this line I’m standing on, I’ll be right here,alive again. I’ll breathe on you this breath.Touch this word now, that one. Warm, isn’t it? You are the person come to clean my room;you are whichever of my three childrenopens the drawer here where this poem will goin a few minutes when I’ve had my say. These are the words from immortality.No one stands between us now except Death:I enter it entirely writing this.I have to tell you I am not alone.Watching you read, Eternity’s with me.We like to watch you read. Read us again.Once, boarding the train to New York City, The aisle crowded and all seats filled, I glimpsed An open space—more pushing, stuck in place— And then saw why: a man, face peeled away, Sewn back in haste, skin grafts that smeared like wax Spattered and frozen, one eye flesh-filled, smooth, One cold eye toward the window. Cramped, shoved hard, I, too, passed up the seat, the place, and fought on Through to the next car, and the next, but now I wonder why the fire that could have killed him Spared him, burns scarred over; if a life Is what he calls this space through which he moves, Dark space we dared not enter, and what fire Burns in him when he sees us move away.What do we do when we hate our bodies? A good coat helps. Some know how to pull off a hat. And there are paints, lighting, knives, needles, various kinds of resignation, the laugh in the mirror, the lie of saying it doesn’t matter. There is also the company we keep: surgeons and dermatologists, faith healers and instruction-givers, tailors of cashmere and skin who send their bills for holding our shame-red hands, raw from the slipping rope, the same hands with which we tremble ever so slightly, holding novels in bed, concentrating on the organization of pain and joy we say is another mirror, a depth, a conjure in which we might meet someone who says touch me.The clockwork saguaros sprout extra faces like planaria stroked by ; ; ; a razor. Chug say the sparrows, emitting fluffs of steam. Chug chug say the piston-powered ; ; ; ground squirrels. The tumbleweeds circle on retrofitted tracks, but the blue pasteboard welkin ; ; ; is much dented by little winds. The yuccas pulse softly under the grow-light sconces. Here is the door he will paint on the rock. Here is the glass floor of the cliff. He’ll enter from the west, backlit in orange isinglass, pyrite ; ;   pendants glinting from the fringes of his voice.Then one day she noticed the forest had begun to bleed into her waking life. There were curved metal plates on the trees to see around corners. She thought to brush her hand against his thigh. She thought to trace the seam of his jeans with her thumbnail. The supersaturated blues were beginning to pixillate around the edges, to ; ; ; become a kind of grammar. She placed a saucer of water under her lamp and counted mosquitoes as ; ; ; they drowned. Soot amassed in drifts in the corners of the room. She pressed her thumb into the hollow of his throat for a while and then ; ; ; let him go.even when issues arise and obedience can not be secured by the bludgeon, the bludgeon remains; when we mention the people, we do not mean the confessional body of the people, we mean particularly itinerant bodies in mechanic flux, preaching freedom beyond flesh pamphlets of authority, concealed in blind devotion. when we mean the people, we mean a people knowing their own strength cast as day laborers, or knowing to a greater part of a lesser known part playing paid intercourse in all connections for the people by the people. when we mean, we mean broke or abrasive worn, once open scream representatives, now incarcerated in a rationalistic shadow land, given a history that merges extruder merchandising with wholesale lots of intermittent dung, or objects for understudy beatings.can I do this spiritual drag, collective agony wishful thinking, fearful peek-a-boo actuality about to be read in unapologetic disinterested participation against fantasy without benefit familiarity, remembering distortion, forgetting drudgery necessary to consume anything cement sorrow, surrounded by transfer credit surcharge immortal siege ideology, submissive to appliance bodyisms in doubt in the face of stupidity—oops—knowledge, derivative of skin, bones, eyes and the rest, opposite abrupt aggressive remoteness here to serve another ascendant say-so? I tremble in doubt, divided by multiple entry points and explosive content wrapped in rambling overlays sent to the council on commentary, and without exception the animation either frenetic or dull, shifts to no options left, recognizing useless hope in the face of bomb holes caused by numbering digits.ready to receive remains built for death, ready to receive the flatly desolate superficial deeply commissioned intellectual offer of suggestive actions, for the hunger assassin to fall back on and become forcefull psychological damage, bottled for drinkable agitation.    riding a back seat writing construction, contesting the oncoming molten universe, immersed in villagers, city dwellers, trembling, laughing, (white teeth redone for the perfect test of time), to inhale flesh and stone from long ago, forgetting the horrors of holy oil infusion clocks and gritty body galleries, leaving behind the mourning river’s crimson fragrance smoldering from the previous unbearable fever.    in a posture of myself on a speeding body, without hands and feet, I am ready to receive the vomit of consciousness and proceed down the avenues of suggestion to become a limited option.there is a shipwreck on each side of innuendo, tears gather around the collective shadow of shadows; none clearer than the last unshakable, anatomically inexplicably, never noticed, next time, please sir, more.    
  enshrouded by fear, one hundred years after eleven pages of violent reality testing, when the beginning was the final question, outside the disruption of anything hungry on emptiness, suggesting a response of objections, calling on me to speak in tongues.    
   trying to read the consequential future, apply anything to anything; knowing any application to the current materiality is wretched normality and remote productivity.everyone’s dying everyone’s dying to die everyone’s in my way on my way to die it’s too hot and dusty to die I am eating the ashes of the dead eating the exhaust of cars an image sacrifice looking for a boat to heaven namaste, your boat has bad karma out of the way I am burning inside of shame I am at the seat of ash on a boat to nowhere burning inside I am the end of time shiva orange rat queen goddess of money sleeping in time to die at the hands of doms sunrise to sunrise from the beiginning of time alone at the end of time rowing nowhere lost in serpentine alleys amongst the amputees and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into eyes looking back for anything not burningI propose turning the key useless to conceal from you that strange things take place it used to ring of its own accord chair by the window and thedoor closed saw the curtain detach falling when I weary of looking, something is bound to appear walking backwards she is frightened by the sound but cannot describe it the face vanishes, the hands remain white arms beneath fearful drapery looking out, over the hill I burn it, it distills a dark mucus curtain wrenched away a gossamer veil, as it seems resembling, yet most unlike her armless chair, handless cup sloping downwards to the base of the hill momentary grasp around her ankle an old-fashioned house a narrow lane on a declivityProstrating before the golden figure Against disinclination…later in the day… All that remains…the extremely brittle foliage… Abated, the thunder…our golden figure… Her ugly hair held back by a pin…frenzied Rushed down the forested hill that isolates sun Highly explosive, flickering, foiling of your heightening hushed Nick in the blue thing Along negligence   Chagrin Of the maidens Bleeds   Shackled as sharp complication Being as it were Absorbed into Myth Whiten, whitening Or white on white display   That play That combusted On stage   Romulus & Remus   The Janus figure From Zaire   (curtain)can walk without a frame, he whose exions last   and saw into limbs livid still the sum, comic,   dome-hosting wall shop captivating everything in a proleptic sale   while sand-horse negotiates his clop versus some floor one   erected in ardor prostrate again and happy penultimate slough-opening   as the news that distracts from spectral sass, downing   darkling you weren’t personal last Saturday as ponies cyclical   laced the public grasses compulsorily before our bower got   scanned despite a standup’s lawnly heath and harebells having   become grammar’s shortage on the stage hussing up to   a cardboard cloud passed limb from limb without its ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  flame [ardoring][clopsome][sass]“I know kung fu.” It won’t bring back the world. 5:15 a.m.: I wake from another dream, the same as every dream. A man builds a ship in my chest. Each of the sailors carries by her breast a picture of her sister. The ship is not the image of a ship. Beyond its sails there are no stars. The water is only water because it’s black.   5:15 a.m. Perhaps you’ve seen me practicing my moves in the empty prison yard and wondered whether you were the dreamer conjuring me into existence from the bare desire to caress a phantom ship and my death the death of your desire.I am unable to jump more than ten feet in the air. I am blind. I am unable to understand the dark passages. I begin to speak of being deprived. I believe that I am being kept in want. Who governs me? Who is to say what I am, and what I am not? I wish to be conscious of myself. My frontiers are long and insecure. I contract them. I cannot command them. I determine myself not to desire what is unattainable. I have a wound in my leg. I am a schoolboy. A rule does not oppress me if I impose it on myself. I assimilate it into my substance. I can never be thwarted. I cannot want it to be other than it is.where the route of a ship bringing tax grain from the provinces is described   where perceived hindering—say, birds congregating on a runway   where the first request was for fertilizer and seeds   where the instruction—harness these to the benefit of your society   where the conscription continued   where boards of revenue   where basically, everyone had a plant job   where preventable diseases rampant   where the need is window screens and sewer covers   where for the good of the very few and the suffering of a great manyIt is too much a part of things, even though the source is not within.   In small American cities with and without universities,   it keeps a constant presence in the Confucian sense,   the inner arriving to match the outer, spirit not separate   from matter (the latter illusion left by the missions   the people have made such fine use of). There are times   when you have to pretend to embrace an idea or befriend   your adversaries. If constantly misinterpreted, use the mystery   as currency. You have to start somewhere. Be wise: depart   from where they’ve already put you. A country itself can’t betray you.The morning comes, and thickening clouds prevail,    Hanging like curtains all the horizon round,Or overhead in heavy stillness sail;    So still is day, it seems like night profound;Scarce by the city’s din the air is stirred,    And dull and deadened comes its every sound;The cock’s shrill, piercing voice subdued is heard,    By the thick folds of muffling vapors drowned.Dissolved in mists the hills and trees appear,    Their outlines lost and blended with the sky;And well-known objects, that to all are near,    No longer seem familiar to the eye,But with fantastic forms they mock the sight,As when we grope amid the gloom of night.Darling, I leave you the forever unblooming ; ;   twig half-sunk in spring mud & the Nature that allows ; ;   such delicate & lasting atrocity.   Darling, darling, darling: my voice is a branch that would reach.   I leave you the ragged sky, once full of cloud & now ; ;   not. I leave you these things just as I leave   you: graceful passage from one something to the next. ; ;   Darling, even in this my voice dissipates   into hush & whiffs of light, sun-thrown, hurtle into the ground.Intractable between them grows a garden of barbed wire and roses. Burning briars like flames devour their too innocent attire. Dare they meet, the blackened wire tears the intervening air. Trespassers have wandered through texture of flesh and petals. Dogs like arrows moved along pathways that their noses knew. While the two who laid it out find the metal and the flower fatal underfoot. Black and white at midnight glows this garden of barbed wire and roses. Doused with darkness roses burn coolly as a rainy moon: beneath a rainy moon or none silver the sheath on barb and thorn. Change the garden, scale and plan; wall it, make it annual. There the briary flower grew. There the brambled wire ran. While they sleep the garden grows, deepest wish annuls the will: perfect still the wire and rose.Thou art my lute, by thee I sing,— ; My being is attuned to thee. Thou settest all my words a-wing, ; And meltest me to melody.   Thou art my life, by thee I live, ; From thee proceed the joys I know; Sweetheart, thy hand has power to give ; The meed of love—the cup of woe.   Thou art my love, by thee I lead ; My soul the paths of light along, From vale to vale, from mead to mead, ; And home it in the hills of song.   My song, my soul, my life, my all, ; Why need I pray or make my plea, Since my petition cannot fall; ; For I’m already one with thee!A castaway blown south from the arctic tundra sits on a stump in an abandoned farmer’s field. Beyond the dunes cattails toss and bend as snappy as the surf, rushing and crashing down the jetty. His head a swivel of round glances, his eyes a deeper yellow than the winter sun, he wonders if the spot two hundred feet away is a mouse on the crawl from mud hole to deer-grass patch. An hour of wind and sleet whips the air, nothing darts or passes but the river underground. A North Pole creature shows us how to last. The wind ruffles his feathers from crown to claw while he gazes into zeroes the salt-slick rain. As a double-rainbow before us arcs sky and owl, we leave him surrendering to the echo of his white refrain.Who is quitting dogs today? Making them their sister? Who is stretched out by a lamppost sibling? Illuminated by ransom’s note? I was oblivious to pettiness until I saw its first handle: obey ignorance. Stomach decisiveness. By that, this decision . . . no decision. Let it be to gain all it can in one fetter . . . but if it be life, let it attempt a failed recognition. Let its thinker be the failure. My thinker is failure, and I want to teach it how to move in this world. Do you be or live? To any the other wants. To both these words, I fail to be. When I am, but when not . . . It is, as if alive.For days to situate the flesh in whose inadequate precinct motionless: a monolith of the often spoken of which nothing is certain: or abstract of whose gender to the use of all acknowledged desire formal parlance & pronoun to form the stars across your back: whose hardened muscle: tremendous lateral delta of which to the shoulders: there is a way from yes: the very inside an eternal tick of the left eye: a language not only illegible as the vain translation of a fictive contradictory self & its consonant verb to be: but the body’s crystal falling through a grey film of failed memory & brushfire this Autumn midnight: to unfold (in the form of your body) pleasured corners of a place in which the difficult new breathing and I are foreignersif this is a game then we have made it, unknowing, to the final four. unlikely underdogs. spectators turned to suspect sport. anti-athletes. out of shape beyond reason. at season’s height we fight for a limited audience. few dancers. fewer cheers. down by 30 and our coach m.i.a. we, foolish, dribble. each bounce-back brings a stranger. can’t call us for traveling because we ain’t going nowhere. instead, we trade terrified looks. search for the pass but no one stays open for long. even if we knew what to do to pull this through we’ve got two other teams waiting, impatient, to take us out.Many of my race have lived long without the touch of these fine things which separate us from beasts. Things I call my own now. Having served thirty-six years as needleman for a family far more ape than we will ever be, I rode the moonlight train to find my free. Up here it is colder than I like, but the gentlemen admire my frock coats above all. I taught my son this trade and hope this picture I made will help retrieve him. Come summer I leave this coast for Philadelphia where I hear we of color can breathe yet more free. Tonight I stitch. The breeze off the bay smells of aria. It is almost the season for cloaks.Gone, gone again,May, June, July,And August gone,Again gone by,Not memorableSave that I saw them go,As past the empty quaysThe rivers flow.And now again,In the harvest rain,The Blenheim orangesFall grubby from the trees,As when I was young—And when the lost one was here—And when the war beganTo turn young men to dung.Look at the old house,Outmoded, dignified,Dark and untenanted,With grass growing insteadOf the footsteps of life,The friendliness, the strife;In its beds have lainYouth, love, age, and pain:I am something like that;Only I am not dead,Still breathing and interestedIn the house that is not dark:—I am something like that:Not one pane to reflect the sun,For the schoolboys to throw at—They have broken every one.Some bloodied sea-bird’s hovering decay Assails us where we lie, and lie To make that symbol go away, To mock the true north of the eye. But lie to me, lie next to me; The world is an infirmity. Too much of sun’s been said, too much Of sea, and of the lover’s touch, Whole volumes that old men debauch. But we, at the sea’s edge curled, Hurl back their bloody world. Lie to me, like next to me, For there is nothing here to see But the mirrors of ourselves, the day, Clear with the odors of the sea. Lie to me. And lie to me.Now that I’m fifty, let me take my showers at night, no light, eyes closed. And let me swim in cover-ups. My skin’s tattooed with hours and days and decades, head to foot, and slim is just a faded photograph. It’s strange how people look away who once would look. I didn’t know I’d undergo this change and be the unseen cover of a book whose plot, though swift, just keeps on getting thicker. One reaches for the pleasures of the mind and heart to counteract the loss of quicker knowledge. One feels old urgencies unwind, although I still pluck chin hairs with a tweezer, in case I might attract another geezer.Goaded and harassed in the factory   That tears our life up into bits of days   Ticked off upon a clock which never stays,Shredding our portion of Eternity,We break away at last, and steal the key   Which hides a world empty of hours; ways   Of space unroll, and Heaven overlaysThe leafy, sun-lit earth of Fantasy.   Beyond the ilex shadow glares the sun,   Scorching against the blue flame of the sky.Brown lily-pads lie heavy and supine   Within a granite basin, under one   The bronze-gold glimmer of a carp; and IReach out my hand and pluck a nectarine.They have watered the street, It shines in the glare of lamps, Cold, white lamps, And lies Like a slow-moving river, Barred with silver and black. Cabs go down it, One, And then another. Between them I hear the shuffling of feet. Tramps doze on the window-ledges, Night-walkers pass along the sidewalks. The city is squalid and sinister, With the silver-barred street in the midst, Slow-moving, A river leading nowhere. Opposite my window, The moon cuts, Clear and round, Through the plum-coloured night. She cannot light the city; It is too bright. It has white lamps, And glitters coldly. I stand in the window and watch the moon. She is thin and lustreless, But I love her. I know the moon, And this is an alien city.When I have baked white cakesAnd grated green almonds to spread upon them; When I have picked the green crowns from the strawberriesAnd piled them, cone-pointed, in a blue and yellow platter;When I have smoothed the seam of the linen I have been working;What then?To-morrow it will be the same:Cakes and strawberries,And needles in and out of cloth.If the sun is beautiful on bricks and pewter,How much more beautiful is the moon,Slanting down the gauffered branches of a plum-tree;The moon, Wavering across a bed of tulips; The moon,Still,Upon your face.You shine, Beloved,You and the moon.But which is the reflection?The clock is striking eleven.I think, when we have shut and barred the door,The night will be darkOutside.Downhill I came, hungry, and yet not starved; Cold, yet had heat within me that was proof Against the North wind; tired, yet so that rest Had seemed the sweetest thing under a roof. Then at the inn I had food, fire, and rest, Knowing how hungry, cold, and tired was I. All of the night was quite barred out except An owl’s cry, a most melancholy cry Shaken out long and clear upon the hill, No merry note, nor cause of merriment, But one telling me plain what I escaped And others could not, that night, as in I went. And salted was my food, and my repose, Salted and sobered, too, by the bird’s voice Speaking for all who lay under the stars, Soldiers and poor, unable to rejoice.Prosaic miles of streets stretch all round,    Astir with restless, hurried life and spannedBy arches that with thund’rous trains resound, ;And throbbing wires that galvanize the land;    Gin-palaces in tawdry splendor stand;The newsboys shriek of mangled bodies found;    The last burlesque is playing in the Strand—In modern prose all poetry seems drowned.Yet in ten thousand homes this April night    An ancient People celebrates its birth    To Freedom, with a reverential mirth,With customs quaint and many a hoary rite,Waiting until, its tarnished glories bright,    Its God shall be the God of all the earth.In the dry summer field at nightfall, fireflies rise like sparks. Imagine the presence of ghosts flickering, the ghosts of young friends, your father nearest in the distance. This time they carry no sorrow,no remorse, their presence is so light. Childhood comes to you, memories of your street in lamplight, holding those last moments before bed, capturing lightning-bugs,with a blossom of the hand letting them go. Lightness returns, an airy motion over the ground you remember from Ring Around the Rosie. If you stay, the fireflies become fireflies again, not part of your stories, as unaware of you as sleep, being beautiful and quiet all around you.Something in the field is working away. Root-noise. Twig-noise. Plant of weak chlorophyll, no name for it. Something in the field has mastered distance by living too close to fences. Yellow fruit, has it pit or seeds? Stalk of wither. Grass- noise fighting weed-noise. Dirt and chant. Something in the field. Coreopsis. I did not mean to say that. Yellow petal, has it wither-gift? Has it gorgeous rash? Leaf-loss and worried sprout, its bursting art. Some- thing in the. Field fallowed and cicada. I did not mean to say. Has it roar and bloom? Has it road and follow? A thistle prick, fraught burrs, such easy attachment. Stem- and stamen-noise. Can I lime- flower? Can I chamomile? Something in the field cannot.This stream took a shorter course— a thread of water that makes oasis out of mud, in pooling, does not aspire to lake. To river, leave the forest, the clamorous wild. I cannot. Wherever I am, I am here, nonsensical, rhapsodic, stock-still as the trees. Trickling never floods, furrows its meager path through the forest floor. There will always be a root too thirsty, moss that only swallows and spreads. Primordial home, I am dying from love of you. Were I tuber or quillwort, the last layer of leaves that starts the dirt or the meekest pond, I would absorb everything. I would drown. Water makes song of erratic forms, and I hear the living push back branches, wander off trail.There is someone who knows. In no beginning ; ;was there just one language nor did the surface gleam with nineteen hours of music as in our body-heat through the head & limbs the thumb and index finger to form the ovular OH of our self-fathering fable war flail ≈ morning star The original garden erudite, lush lawn, & round of trees behind the limestone square, night rain out of paper, under the lights of the narrow path up the rose hill. From a dark corner rising now to write orange with a knife over green of the elusive wall no one is watchingLate in November, on a single night Not even near to freezing, the ginkgo trees That stand along the walk drop all their leaves In one consent, and neither to rain nor to wind But as though to time alone: the golden and green Leaves litter the lawn today, that yesterday Had spread aloft their fluttering fans of light.   What signal from the stars? What senses took it in? What in those wooden motives so decided To strike their leaves, to down their leaves, Rebellion or surrender? and if this Can happen thus, what race shall be exempt? What use to learn the lessons taught by time. If a star at any time may tell us: Now.Pale hands I loved beside the Shalimar,   Where are you now? Who lies beneath your spell?Whom do you lead on Rapture's roadway, far,   Before you agonise them in farewell? Oh, pale dispensers of my Joys and Pains,   Holding the doors of Heaven and of Hell,How the hot blood rushed wildly through the veins,   Beneath your touch, until you waved farewell. Pale hands, pink tipped, like Lotus buds that float   On those cool waters where we used to dwell,I would have rather felt you round my throat,   Crushing out life, than waving me farewell!; ;  Speak of the whistle of Atacama ; ;  the wind erases like snow ; ;  the color of that plain i.   The Desert of Atacama soared over infinities of ; deserts to be there ii.  Like the wind feel it pass whistling through the ; leaves of the trees iii.  Look at it become transparent faraway   and just ; accompanied by the wind iv.  But be careful: because if ultimately the Desert ; of Atacama were not where it should be the ; whole world would begin to whistle through the ; leaves of the trees   and when we'd see ourselves ; in the same never   transparent   whistles ; in the wind swallowing the color of this pampaThe sunbox lies in pieces, its strips of aluminum foil flaking away to the wind, tanning platform broken up for kindling. Planted grass sprouts where the path once sharply turned to the left circumventing underbrush, there the man (a boy then) stumbled on beauty’s wrath: pale sisters yelling him off, scrambling for clothes to cover.All has been cleared, thick cat briar raked into piles and set ablaze, invincible ailanthus stacked for dump. All’s clear and calm save his childhood rushing head- long through tearing thickets, and the sisters, barely glimpsed against reflective flashing, laughing after him, thenlying back to catch all the sullen autumn sun they can.If I speak for the dead, I must leave this animal of my body, I must write the same poem over and over, for an empty page is the white flag of their surrender. If I speak for them, I must walk on the edge of myself, I must live as a blind man who runs through rooms without touching the furniture. Yes, I live. I can cross the streets asking “What year is it?” I can dance in my sleep and laugh in front of the mirror. Even sleep is a prayer, Lord, I will praise your madness, and in a language not mine, speak of music that wakes us, music in which we move. For whatever I say is a kind of petition, and the darkest days must I praise.When the living rot on the bodies of the dead When the combatants’ teeth become knives When words lose their meaning and become arsenic When the aggressors’ nails become claws When old friends hurry to join the carnage When the victors’ eyes become live shells When clergymen pick up the hammer and crucify When officials open the door to the enemy When the mountain peoples’ feet weigh like elephants When roses grow only in cemeteries When they eat the Palestinian’s liver before he’s even dead When the sun itself has no other purpose than being a shroud the human tide moves on . . .You wanted to be so hungry, you would break into branches, and have to choose between the starving month’s nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-third evenings. The liturgy begins to echo itself and why does it matter? If the ground-water is too scarce one can stretch nets into the air and harvest the fog. Hunger opens you to illiteracy, thirst makes clear the starving pattern, the thick night is so quiet, the spinning spider pauses, the angel stops whispering for a moment— The secret night could already be over, you will have to listen very carefully— You are never going to know which night’s mouth is sacredly reciting and which night’s recitation is secretly mere wind—Once when I was harmless and didn’t know any better, a mirror to the front of me and an ocean behind, I lay wedged in the middle of daylight, paper-doll thin, dreaming, then I vanished. I gave the day a fingerprint, then forgot. I sat naked on a towel on a hot June Monday. The sun etched the inside of my eyelids, while a boy dozed at my side. The smell of all oceans was around us— steamy salt, shell, and sweat, but I reached for the distant one. A tide rose while I slept, and soon I was alone. Try being a figure in memory. It’s hollow there. For truth’s sake, I’ll say she was on a beach and her eyes were closed. She was bare in the sand, long, and the hour took her bit by bit.A cigarette kiss in the desert. The wind-proof arc of flame sparks inside the speeding Buick. Menthol: a break from the monotony of highway nicotine— most intimate of drugs. Make this mean sorrow or thermodynamics, whatever small gesture there is time for. Light another one, the vainglorious interstate dusk and ash—the long, silver tooth. This shirtless abandon, this ninety-mile-an-hour electric laugh. The edges of windshield, haphazard chatter. The clatter of the hubcap and the thunderclap: the white-hot retinal memory of your life as a Joshua tree. Permanence in the passenger seat. This long haul, this first drag—nothing like cinnamon, nothing like the iron taste on the back of your mortal tongue.; The silence that was neither Spanish 
  nor English 
  was my prayer. 
 ; ; ; ; ; ; —Luis Alberto Urrea 
 ; 1. Last night I dreamt I was Pancho Villa— ragged, bandoliered, reckless. I dreamt my poetry at the end of a pistol, felt it kick nearly out of my hand. But this morning I awoke again white and assimilated into these cobwebs of my half-self. When did I forget my mother? Sometimes Spanish syllables creak like wobbly shopping cart wheels, I have to lean against accent, fill myself with verbs: necesitar, hablar, poder. 2. Half, medio, milkweed, Carlos Gringo, Carlos Murphy. Part mexicano, part Kentucky hillbilly, I’ve angloed my way through this life—hablando español de conveniencia, nunca pensando en la bendición.I there has never been sunlight for this love, like a crazed flower it buds in the dark, is at once a crown of thorns and a spring garland around the temples a fire, a wound, the bitterest of fruit, but a breeze as well, a source of water, your breath—a bite to the soul, your chest—a tree trunk in the current make me walk on the turbid waters, be the ax that breaks this lock, the dew that weeps from trees if I become mute kissing your thighs, it’s that my heart eagerly searches your flesh for a new dawnI am standing outside in Minnesota ghost wind recalling names in winter mist The road smells of dogs two days dead White photographers talk in the house of mainstream media I can’t articulate the agony of Eagle Singer’s children to them. We celebrate the old man while another generation shoots crushed and heated prescriptions sells baskets, machinery, the fixtures yet to be installed in the house, yet to be heated by the tribal government, for another night stolen by the stupors and the wondrous pleasure of forget everything medicines. Back inside Uncle Two Dogs rolls me a smoke out of organic American Spirit I look to a last cup of coffee. The way home fills with snow our tracks human and machine.We wondered what our walk should mean, taking that un-march quietly; the sun stared at our signs— “Thou shalt not kill.” Men by a tavern said, “Those foreigners . . .” to a woman with a fur, who turned away— like an elevator going down, their look at us. Along a curb, their signs lined across, a picket line stopped and stared the whole width of the street, at ours: “Unfair.” Above our heads the sound truck blared— by the park, under the autumn trees— it said that love could fill the atmosphere: Occur, slow the other fallout, unseen, on islands everywhere—fallout, falling unheard. We held our poster up to shade our eyes. At the end we just walked away; no one was there to tell us where to leave the signs.herds of buffalo gone now ; ; ; ;    you search the undulating ; ;sea of grass near campo and wildhorse ; ; ; ;    for the great hairy horned whales but none surface instead if you look carefully ; ; ; ; ;you see the shallow swimming ; ; hahe issi the pronghorn antelope ; ; ; ;  you identify with ; ; this striped sailfish skimming the surface ; ; ; ;    a harpoon’s throw away ;    from hungry nesters diving ; ; ; ;  for the cereal great plains ; ;plankton seed visible but fastFeet firmly perch thinnest stalks, reeds, bulrush. Until all at once, they attend my female form, streaked throat, brownness. Three fly equidistant around me, flashing. Each, in turn, calls territorial trills, beckons ok-a-li, ok-a-li! Spreads his wings, extends inner muscle quivering red epaulet bands uniquely bolden. Turn away each suitor, mind myself my audience. Select another to consider, He in turn quiver thrills. Leave for insects. Perhaps one male follows. Maybe a few brood of young, line summertime. Silver Maple samaras wing wind, spread clusters along with mine, renewing Prairie. As summer closes, I leave dragonflies, damselflies, butterflies, mosquitoes, moths, spiders, crickets for grain, see, Sunflower; join thousands to flock Sky— grackles, blackbirds, cowbirds, ;starlings— Swarming like distant smoke clouds, rising.Maybe all losses before this one are practice: maybe all grief that comes after her death seems tame. I wish I knew how to make dying simple, wish our mother’s last week were not constructed of clear plastic tubing, IVs, oxygen hiss, cough medicine, morphine patches, radiation tattoos, the useless burn on her chest.I’m still the incurable optimist, she whispers,you’re still the eternal pessimist. My sister sleeps on a sofa; our brother, exhausted, rolls up in a blanket on the hard floor. Curled in a rented white bed, our mother’s body races to catch up with her driven, nomadic soul. Those nights alone, foster care, empty beer bottles taught us she was always already vanishing.This is how it is with me: so strong, I want to draw the egg from your womb and nourish it in my own. I want to mother your child made only of us, of me, you: no borrowed seed from any man. I want to re-fashion the matrix of creation, make a human being from the human love that passes between our bodies. Sweetheart, this is how it is: when you emerge from the bedroom in a clean cotton shirt, sleeves pushed back over forearms, scented with cologne from an amber bottle—I want to open my heart, the brightest aching slit of my soul, receive your pearl. I watch your hands, wait for the sign that means you’ll touch me, open me, fill me; wait for that moment when your desire leaps inside me.I think he knows I’m alive, having come down The three steps of the back porch And given me a good once over. All afternoon He’s been moving back and forth,Gathering odd bits of walnut shells and twigs, While all about him the great fields tumble To the blades of the thresher. He’s lucky To be where he is, wild with all that happens. He’s lucky he’s not one of the shadows Living in the blond heart of the wheat.This autumn when trees bolt, dark with the fires Of starlight, he’ll curl among their roots, Wanting nothing but the slow burn of matter On which he fastens like a small, brown flame.Dumped wet and momentary on a dull ground that’s been clear but clearly sleeping, for days. Last snow melts as it falls, piles up slush, runs in first light making a music in the streets we wish we could keep. Last snow. That’s what we’ll think for weeks to come. Close sun sets up a glare that smarts like a good cry. We could head north and north and never let this season go. Stubborn beast, the body reads the past in the change of light, knows the blow of grief in the time of trees’ tight-fisted leaves. Stubborn calendar of bone. Last snow. Now it must always be so.; ; ; ; ; based on photographs from Rural Japan: 
 ; ; ; ;  Radiance of the Ordinary 
 ; / afloat two boats with no riders still moving on water the hulls barely touching each with a single oar safely propped so it won’t fall / lotus leaves close into themselves at night on their wide folded backs water beads inside, their sleeping flowers / inside do the carp just below the water’s stillness see the pines / fall daikon just pulled from the soil these pungent roots hang from bamboo poles their white tubed bodies bend as if slightly aroused each ripe radish will be drenched in salt then eaten raw all winter / lone pine ancient tree with so many tongues how long this throated stem this stillness before rainThe kitchen door opens onto dirt and the second half of the country all the way to the Pacific. Rusted prairie trains out of the tall weeds elbow the last century aside, rumble from every direction towards Chicago.My great-grandfather, who would be 150 years old today, put on his one tall hat and took the big trip to Omaha for my great-grandma with the family ring on his vestand winter wheat lying wait in seed.He gave her all the miles he had and she gave him the future I walk around in every day. The mountains were too far west to count so they doubled back over the land and century and the real weather kept coming from them.Women’s tears are but water;The tears of men are blood.He sits alone in the firelightAnd on either side drifts bySleep, like a torrent whirling,Profound, wrinkled and dumb.Circuitously, stealthily,Dawn occupies the city;As if the seasons knew of his griefSpring has suddenly changed into snowDisaster and sorrowHave made him their pet;He cannot escape their accursed embraces.For all his dodgingsMemory will lacerate him.What good does it do to wanderNights hours through city streets?Only that in poor placesHe can be with common menAnd receive their unspokenInstinctive sympathy.What has life done for him?He stands alone in the darknessLike a sentry never relieved,Looking over a barren space,Awaiting the tardy finish.“Come, surly fellow, come! A song! ;“What, madmen? Sing to you?Choose from the clouded tales of wrong ;And terror I bring to you.Of a night so torn with cries, ;Honest men sleepingStart awake with glaring eyes, ;Bone chilled, flesh creeping.Of spirits in the web-hung room ;Up above the stable,Groans, knocking in the gloom ;The dancing table.Of demons in the dry well ;That cheep and mutter,Clanging of an unseen bell, ;Blood, choking the gutter.Of lust, frightful, past belief, ;Lurking unforgotten,Unrestrainable, endless grief ;From breasts long rotten.A song? What laughter or what song ;Can this house remember?Do flowers and butterflies belong ;To a blind December?”Now as I watch you, strong of arm and endurance, battling and strugglingWith the waves that rush against you, ever with invincible strength returningInto my heart, grown each day more tranquil and peaceful, comes a fierce longingOf mind and soul that will not be appeased until, like you, I breast yon deep and boundless expanse of blue.With an outward stroke of power intense your mighty arm goes forth,Cleaving its way through waters that rise and roll, ever a ceaseless vigil keepingOver the treasures beneath.My heart goes out to you of dauntless courage and spirit indomitable,And though my lips would speak, my spirit forbids me to ask,“Is your heart as true as your arm?”Her house is empty and her heart is old,And filled with shades and echoes that deceiveNo one save her, for still she tries to weaveWith blind bent fingers, nets that cannot hold.Once all men’s arms rose up to her, ‘tis told,And hovered like white birds for her caress:A crown she could have had to bind each tressOf hair, and her sweet arms the Witches’ Gold. Her mirrors know her witnesses, for thereShe rose in dreams from other dreams that lentHer softness as she stood, crowned with soft hair.And with his bound heart and his young eyes bentAnd blind, he feels her presence like shed scent,Holding him body and life within its snare.On such a day we put him in a boxAnd carried him to that last house, the grave;All round the people walked upon the streetsWithout once thinking that he had gone.Their hard heels clacked upon the pavement stones.A voiceless change had muted all his thoughtsTo a deep significance we could not know;And yet we knew that he knew all at last.We heard with grave wonder the falling clods,And with grave wonder met the loud day.The night would come and day, but we had died.With new green sod the melancholy gateWas closed and locked, and we went pitiful.Our clacking heels upon the pavement stonesDid knock and knock for Death to let us in.Teach me, old World, your passion of slow change,    Your calm of stars, watching the turn of earth,Patient of man, and never thinking strange    The mad red crash of each new system’s birth.Teach me, for I would know your beauty’s way ;That waits and changes with each changing sun,No dawn so fair but promises a day    Of other perfectness than men have won.Teach me, old World, not as vain men have taught,    —Unpatient song, nor words of hollow brass,Nor men’s dismay whose powerfullest thought    Is woe that they and worlds alike must pass.Nothing I learn by any mortal rule;Teach me, old World, I would not be man’s fool.Grieve not that winter masks the yet quick earth, ;   Nor still that summer walks the hills no more; ;   That fickle spring has doffed the plaid she woreTo swathe herself in napkins till rebirth.These buddings, flowerings, are nothing worth; ;   This ermine cloud stretched firm across the lakes ;   Will presently be shattered into flakes;Then, starveling world, be subject to my mirth.I know that faithful swift mortality ;   Subscribes to nothing longer than a day; ;   All beauty signals imminent decay;And painted wreckage cumbers land and sea.I laugh to hear a sniveling wise one say,“Some winnowed self escapes this reckless way.”Into a crock of gold he’d set some weeds,Behold swart devils in the sunniest weather;He would lump the saint and the courtesan together,Most miserably jangling all the creeds.The prurient multitude heard he was mad,Yet nosed his books for some pornography.The censors doubted his virginity,And secretly conned the works that they forbade.Reporters found this dangerous oddityIn rusty pantaloons, mowing the green,And wondered how so dull a wretch could have seenA naked Venus disturbing an alien sea.He watched their backs receding down the street,Raked up the grass, and suddenly had a visionOf how Venus, bathing, saw with amused derisionBehind the bushes peeping satyrs’ feet.Of what sins have you made confession here,Ardent Cecile? Not passion’s intimacy,Or tangles of desire that mutineerA bold way through your maiden ecstasy.Those are not blamed...the penance not severe! Pray rather, with cool-lidded conscious eyesFor warm juvescence of those ichored limbs,For laughter checked by no repentant cries,For lips unstained by pattering of hymns.Men’s glances have embraced you. They are wise.They have seen you, cumbent by the ruddy fire,Lending your curves to cushioned wantonness,Or leaping to the stroke of an earthy lyreTwanged in the joy of throbbing noon’s excessAnd cried no pause for love. You, they require.Of what sins have you made confession here,Ardent Cecile? The wood receives your knees;The organ stirs your prayer. Now you revereThe God that made you beautiful among these,The gnarled and ugly. Your book receives no tear.Are you shaken, are you stirred ;By a whisper of love, Spellbound to a word ;Does Time cease to move, Till her calm grey eye ;Expands to a sky And the clouds of her hair ;Like storms go by?   Then the lips that you have kissed ;Turn to frost and fire, And a white-steaming mist ;Obscures desire: So back to their birth ;Fade water, air, earth, And the First Power moves ; Over void and dearth.Is that Love? no, but Death,    A passion, a shout,The deep in-breath,    The breath roaring out,And once that is flown,    You must lie alone,Without hope, without life,    Poor flesh, sad bone.In a pyloned desert where the scorpion reigns My love and I plucked poppies breathing tales Of crimes now long asleep, whose once–red stains Dyed stabbing men, at sea with bloody sails. The golden sand drowsed. There a dog yelped loud; And in his cry rattled a hollow note Of deep uncanny knowledge of that crowd That loved and bled in winy times remote. The poppies fainted when the moon came wide; The cur lay still. Our passionate review Of red wise folly dreamed on . . . She by my side Stared at the Moon; and then I knew he knew. ;   And then he smiled at her; to him ’twas funny— ;   Her calm steel eyes, her earth–old throat of honey!Chico whines, no reason why. Just now walked, dinner gobbled, head and ears well scratched. And yet he whines, looking up at me as if confused at my just sitting here, typing away, while darkness is stalking the back yard. How can I be so blind,he wants to know, how sad, how tragic, how I won’t listen before it is too late. His whines are refugees from a brain where time and loss have small dominion, but where the tyranny of now is absolute. I get up and throw open the kitchen door, and he disappears down the cement steps, barking deeper and darker than I remember. I followto find him perfectly still in the empty yard— the two of us in the twilight, standing guard.What god was it that would open earth’s picture book and see the two of us on a road, snowfields glittering on every side and poplars bent like the fingers of an old man clutching what he loved about the sun?   Which one was it that would peer into our thatched, white-washed farmhouse, and see the fur, flies, and shit-stained walls? Which one laughed at the barbed wire fences, the wall topped with broken glass?   Which of the many who came then, gleaming and rimed in hard sunlight? Which of those who bobbed like ice along the winter shore? What did we have that any god would want? Quick, if you can find it, hide it.Many of my friends are alone and know too much to be happy though they still want to dive to the bottom of the green ocean and bring back a gold coin in their hand. A woman I know wakes in the late evening and talks to her late husband, the windows blank photographs. On the porch, my brother, hands in pockets, stares at the flowing stream. What’s wrong? Nothing. The cows stand in their own slow afternoons. The horses gather wild rose hips in the sun the way I longed for someone long ago. What was it like? The door opening and no one on either side.While lovers sleep, I dig my nails into the earth,   holding up traffic. Just now a cloud has pulled up while I was talking to the Emptiness   of the Universe and my voice plugged into the waves   at the bottom of the ocean. My heart is taped up like a child’s drawing   of the moon over the broken window of the sky   where the wind always comes back to fill my lungs. I will dance on my shadow. I will open my mouth   with the air inside my mother’s coffin.   I will be the arrow breaking apart in the body of the blackbird, which appears at my window, singing.I will dive to the bottom of the hotel pool and find my mother’s hairpin.   With the mouth of a drowning woman on my lap, I will add her breath to mine. In the dark, I will lay the thin white sheet   of the moonlight over the blue plums of my wife’s breasts.   With the new planet I discovered just when I thought I was losing my sight, I will love another man because I will be a woman.   Everything important will never as yet have happened. Let it happen.   I will throw a lit match on the secrets my body has kept from me and stand in the fire. The people I have sawed in half   will appear in my bedroom mirror, getting dressed.Your death must be loved this much.   You have to know the grief—now. Standing by the water’s edge,   looking down at the wave   touching you. You have to lie, stiff, arms folded, on a heap of earth   and see how far the darkness   will take you. I mean it, this, now— before the ghost the cold leaves   in your breath, rises;   before the toes are put together inside the shoes. There it is—the goddamn   orange-going-into-rose descending   circle of beauty and time. You have nothing to be sad about.Where was it that we went that night? That long, low building: floodlights rimmed in lavender, the moon ringed in rose. I would rather, then, have stayed   outside, where spiderwebs glowed like jellyfish in the damp yew hedges, where the paths were chalky pebbles set with giant stepping stones.   But the film was starting. In the air- conditioned dark, a crowd of strangers, strange families (not from our church) in rows of metal folding chairs to see   a man quartered by horses: strain stitched across his shining back then, all over at once, an unraveling and then the spill of meat;   a girl pushed through a doorway, naked among soldiers: she grew a dress to cover herself, a blue dress with a blinding sash.If I could begin anything I’d say stop asking forgiveness, especially theirs which was always the fault mentioned in your condition.   Nettles could be feathers the moment they brush your ankle. At the same time: floods, earthquakes, the various slaveries hunchbacked near the fence to catch your glance.   What is it to say that among the hired boats we carried our bodies well, cracked jokes, left the gaps in our lives and not the page? This far to learn the boat does not touch the water!   And if this is goodbye, it is a light nowhere near believing and I am happy and it is all right to make a distance of a nearness, to say, ‘Boat, I have left you behind. Boat, I am with you.’Both lying on our sides, making love in spoon position when she’s startled, What’s that? She means the enormous ship passing before you— maybe not that large, is it a freighter   or a passenger ship? But it seems huge in the dark and it’s so close. That’s a poem you say, D. H. Lawrence—Have you built your ship of death, have you? O build your ship of death,   for you will need it. Right here it would be good if there were a small orchestra on board, you’d hear them and say to her, That piece is called Autumn,   that’s what the brave musicians played as the Titanic went under—and then you could name this poem “Autumn.” But no, the ship is silent, its white lights glow in the darkness.Scintillas of the anatomical on the vines, buds opening— make me a figure for the woken.   On the vines, buds opening— blue, little throats. For the woken, this different tin sky.   Blue, little throats speak to me in the right voice. This different tin sky, the playground thawing.   Speak to me in the right voice, only clean, sweeter. The playground thawing into its primary colors.   Only clean, sweeter, briary as honeysuckle, into their primary colors the words come: bitter, astral.   Briar—as honeysuckle, as attic webs, constellated into their primary colors. White, or whiter.   The words come: bitter, astral. Make me a figure, blue little throats, scintillas of the anatomical.You ignore the way light filters through my cells, the way I have of fading out—still there is a constant tug, a stretching, what is left of me is coming loose. Soon,I will be only crumbs of popcorn, a blue ring in the tub, an empty toilet paper roll, black mold misted on old sponges,strands of hair woven into carpet, a warped door that won’t open, the soft spot in an avocado, celery, a pear,a metallic taste in the beer, a cold sore on your lip—and when I finally lose my hold you will hear a rustle and watch me spill grains of rice across the cracked tile.After the offending bit is popped out these tiny stitches on your neck are exquisite. Lips of the slit don’t speak the way you think they should, break into stupid song, blow kisses at the doctor. Some piece that kept insisting on itself will spend a few weeks in a jar on holiday with strangers, stained and diced and separated neatly from its secrets. You can only wait, reading your book about the sex lives of the saints, the lance that pierced and then pulled slowly out of Saint Teresa’s heart. A slice is venerated in Milan, they say, an arm in Lisbon, a single breast in Rome; but her heart’s enthroned behind the convent walls at Avila. Pink under glass, it wears a tiny crown.In this low place between mountains  fog settles with the dark of evening.  Every year it takes some of those  we love—a car full of teenagers on the way home from a dance, or  a father on his way to the paper mill,  nightshift the only opening.  Each morning, up on the ridge,  the sun lifts this veil, sees what night  has accomplished. The water on our window-  screens disappears slowly, gradually,  like grief. The heat of the day carries water  from the river back up into the sky,  and where the fog is heaviest and stays  longest, you’ll see the lines it leaves  on trees, the flowers that grow  the fullest.to crave what the light does crave to shelter, to flee to gain desire of every splayed leaf to calm cattle, to heat the mare to coax dead flies back from slumber to turn the gaze of each opened bud to ripe the fruit to rot the fruit and drive down under the earth to lord gentle dust to lend a glancing grace to llamas to gather dampness from fields and divide birds and divide the ewes from slaughter and raise the corn and bend the wheat and drive tractors to ruin burnish the fox, brother the hawk shed the snake, bloom the weed and drive all wind diurnal to blanch the fire and clot the cloud to husk, to harvest, sheave and chaff to choose the bird and voice the bird to sing us, veery, into darknessAnd move and hold back entering by the highroad through the words and fall like a person hit by sleep arriving at the place without light   And fall like a dead body falls and find there the great enemy and come to a tower all of stones such that through it the earth opens   We pass between the martyrs and the high walls even up there water is pouring out then turning and fording again sling the noose from the roof of the house   And each and every vapor spent over winning and not losing in which it stands caught out fleet then catapults like a stone   Filling our view whereupon another valley is revealedThe orbiting reflector Turns night into day: petals ping   Accelerated workers ; ; swarm into the plaza A blur on the soul’s dead instrument   Everywhere, windows are blanked To the same newsreel   I alone Inhabit a mockup of the early nineteenth century   I, the great idealist ; ;who confesses On the first page of his diary: Father!  There are no living atoms   & the diary answers: IdentityIs thatWhich is eaten from within   Another man is partially assembled On the table   Another module Unshrouded, revolves in sunlight ; ;  filtered through noise A simulated victory   Crawls like a glove Animated by musicThe faster I travel ; ; the slower the world dies   Inside the head of a flower The sun’s ; ; a swinging pendulum   —all Radiance is progress Of a pre-existent stillness   Stone, inspired To fluency ; ;   curves thought ; ; toward the drinking of Its shadow ;grail: grille: grid   The lines recursive to impalement ; ;   one point alone ; ; sings cumulative, crowding negativity   My apparitions ; ; distorted by star-tides Fail to approximate zero   Where sensation’s tip Crumbles to ash   Another Radio-profile turns, edged with dark cries ; ;   objects unfounded ; ; of medieval prophecy The heavens too grow cold; ; ; ; ; ;  for John Wieners ; I cut out the “Heart with Snowflake” Myself but it is not mine, Forget This bloody coat bloody shirt, I Think it is the writing that makes Me sick, The scores and scores of Incidental music, this nosebleed all Spring all wet, I’m positively angry with the Impertinence of it! I’m Sewing up the kinks in this film, I’m Trying to! I’m trying to burn a light Between, There’s a light and I cable my voice on it but it rips when I trace Anything! WORKS ON PAPER, THE SHIP OF DEATH “Oh build it!” Sings the Heart, “My coat would be so bloodied I could wiggle out of my coat!”;    He finds himself stepping off the bus in some burg he’s already bored with. Picking his teeth for 200 miles—here’s where he spits the toothpick out. Past Holiday Inn the neighborhoods get dark. All-night laundromats where women with circles under their eyes press laundered underwear, warm as bread, against their sinuses. Finally, he’s signing the register at a funeral home where he knows no one, but is mistaken for a long-lost friend of the deceased, for someone who has dislocated his life to make the hazardous journey on a night when the dead man’s own children have avoided him. Once again instinct has taken him where he’s needed; where the unexpected transforms routine into celebration. He kneels before the corpse, striking his forehead against the casket.In my heart the old love    Struggled with the new,  
It was ghostly waking    All night through.   
Dear things, kind things    That my old love said,  
Ranged themselves reproachfully    Round my bed.   
But I could not heed them,    For I seemed to see  
Dark eyes of my new love    Fixed on me.   
Old love, old love,    How can I be true?  
Shall I be faithless to myself    Or to you?Lyric night of the lingering Indian Summer,
Shadowy fields that are scentless but full of singing, 
Never a bird, but the passionless chant of insects, ; Ceaseless, insistent.  
The grasshopper’s horn, and far-off, high in the maples, 
The wheel of a locust leisurely grinding the silence 
Under a moon waning and worn, broken, ; Tired with summer.   
Let me remember you, voices of little insects,
Weeds in the moonlight, fields that are tangled with asters, 
Let me remember, soon will the winter be on us, ;Snow-hushed and heavy.  
Over my soul murmur your mute benediction,
While I gaze, O fields that rest after harvest,
As those who part look long in the eyes they lean to, ; Lest they forget them.Blow out, you bugles, over the rich Dead! ;  There’s none of these so lonely and poor of old, ;  But, dying, has made us rarer gifts than gold. These laid the world away; poured out the red Sweet wine of youth; gave up the years to be ;  Of work and joy, and that unhoped serene, ;  That men call age; and those who would have been, Their sons, they gave, their immortality. Blow, bugles, blow! They brought us, for our dearth, ;  Holiness, lacked so long, and Love, and Pain, Honour has come back, as a king, to earth, ;  And paid his subjects with a royal wage; And Nobleness walks in our ways again; ;  And we have come into our heritage.Why do you subdue yourself in golds and purples?    Why do you dim yourself with folded silks? Do you not see that I can buy brocades in any draper’s shop,    And that I am choked in the twilight of all these colors. How pale you would be, and startling—   How quiet; But your curves would spring upward    Like a clear jet of flung water, You would quiver like a shot-up spray of water,    You would waver, and relapse, and tremble.    And I too should tremble, Watching. Murex-dyes and tinsel— And yet I think I could bear your beauty unshaded.I do not know where either of us can turn Just at first, waking from the sleep of each other. I do not know how we can bear The river struck by the gold plummet of the moon, Or many trees shaken together in the darkness. We shall wish not to be alone And that love were not dispersed and set free— Though you defeat me, And I be heavy upon you. But like earth heaped over the heart Is love grown perfect. Like a shell over the beat of life Is love perfect to the last. So let it be the same Whether we turn to the dark or to the kiss of another; Let us know this for leavetaking, That I may not be heavy upon you, That you may blind me no more.Not that the pines were darker there,    nor mid-May dogwood brighter there,    nor swifts more swift in summer air; ;it was my own country, having its thunderclap of spring,    its long midsummer ripening,    its corn hoar-stiff at harvesting, ;almost like any country, yet being mine; its face, its speech,    its hills bent low within my reach,    its river birch and upland beech ;were mine, of my own country. Now the dark waters at the bow fold back, like earth against the plow;    foam brightens like the dogwood now ;at home, in my own country.“A equals X,” says Mister One.    “A equals B,” says Mister Two.    “A equals nothing under the sun    But A,” says Mister Three. A few    Applaud; some wipe their eyes;    Some linger in the shade to see    One and Two in neat disguise    Decapitating Mister Three. “This age is not entirely bad.” It’s bad enough, God knows, but you    Should know Elizabethans had    Sweeneys and Mrs. Porters too.    The past goes down and disappears,    The present stumbles home to bed,    The future stretches out in years That no one knows, and you’ll be dead.Into this net of leaves, green as old glass    That the sun fondles, trembling like images In water, this live net, swung overhead From branch to branch, what swam? The spider’s thread Is less passive, where it appears to float Like a bright hair clinging to the wind’s coat. Hot at work, history neither schemes nor grieves    Here where the soaking dead are last year’s leaves, And over them slung, meshed with sun, a net    No creature wove, none frantically tried to fret. The huge weight of time without its sting    Hangs in that greenly cradling woof. A wing Has caught there, held. Held. But not to stay,    We know, who, how slowly, walk away.September was when it began. Locusts dying in the fields; our dogs Silent, moving like shadows on a wall; And strange worms crawling; flies of a kind We had never seen before; huge vineyard moths; Badgers and snakes, abandoning Their holes in the field; the fruit gone rotten; Queer fungi sprouting; the fields and woods Covered with spiderwebs; black vapors Rising from the earth - all these, And more began that fall. Ravens flew round The hospital in pairs. Where there was water, We could hear the sound of beating clothes All through the night. We could not count All the miscarriages, the quarrels, the jealousies. And one day in a field I saw A swarm of frogs, swollen and hideous, Hundreds upon hundreds, sitting on each other, Huddled together, silent, ominous, And heard the sound of rushing wind.I see the ships, the plotted crash, The stateroom’s purgatory trash, The waiting wedged and still no splash. There is the torch that burns not through Unless it drowns the sailor crew Shoring the bulkhead pinning you. And then the priest who, being ill, Intones through steel the bitter pill: This tomb is your last confession grille. I think of you awake in bed, Praying what all the voyage said: Have done with dying and be dead. It is a pride in loneliness Like some propriety of dress That shuns the water meant to bless; My hand as from a magnet pole Works to the Sunday dipping bowl To spot my tie and cross my soul.For old Billy Dugan, shot in the ass in the Civil War, my father said.    The old wound in my ass 
has opened up again, but I 
am past the prodigies
of youth’s campaigns, and weep
where I used to laugh
in war’s red humors, half
in love with silly-assed pains
and half not feeling them. 
I have to sit up with 
an indoor unsittable itch 
before I go down late
and weeping to the storm-
cellar on a dirty night
and go to bed with the worms.
So pull the dirt up over me 
and make a family joke 
for Old Billy Blue Balls,
the oldest private in the world
with two ass-holes and no
place more to go to for a laugh
except the last one. Say:
The North won the Civil War
without much help from me 
although I wear a proof 
of the war’s obscenity.Veritas sequitur ...    In the small beauty of the forest The wild deer bedding down— That they are there! ; ; ; ; ; ; Their eyes Effortless, the soft lips Nuzzle and the alien small teeth Tear at the grass ; ; ; ; ; ; The roots of it Dangle from their mouths Scattering earth in the strange woods. They who are there. ; ; ; ; ; ; Their paths Nibbled thru the fields, the leaves that shade them Hang in the distances Of sun ; ; ; ; ; ; The small nouns Crying faith In this in which the wild deer    Startle, and stare out.Whatsoever Adam called every living creature, that was the name thereof. 
—Genesis ;When the Deluge had passed, into my head, by twos, came the creeping things, the horn of their jawbones shining, and the things of the air, wing-cases breaking like clasp knives, asking their names. Storm-light colored their passing with an animal imminence. They wheeled on the pile of their plumage, in the dread of their animal being, and rode in the ark of my head where the possible worked like a sea. Nothing was given me there. Nothing was known. Feather and scale, concussions of muscle and fur, the whale and the name for the whale rose on the void like a waterspout, being, and ceasing to be: till keel clashed and I spoke: mayfly, wood-weasel, stingray, cormorant, mole—Position is where you   put it, where it is, did you, for example, that large tank there, silvered,   with the white church along- side, lift all that, to what   purpose? How   heavy the slow world is with   everything put   in place. Some man walks by, a   car beside him on   the dropped road, a leaf of   yellow color is   going to fall. It all drops into   place. My face is heavy with the sight. I can   feel my eye breaking.In the chill rains of the early winter I hear something— A puling anger, a cold wind stiffened by flying bone— Out of the north ... and remember, then, what’s up there: That ghost-bank: home: Amchitka: boot hill .... They must be very tired, those ghosts; no flesh sustains them And the bones rust in the rain. Reluctant to go into the earth The skulls gleam: wet; the dog-tag forgets the name; The statistics (wherein they were young) like their crosses, are weathering out, They must be very tired. But I see them riding home, Nightly: crying weak lust and rage: to stand in the dark, Forlorn in known rooms, unheard near familiar beds: Where lie the aging women: who were so lovely: once.If I am in the house beams posts planks siding slate protect us ; ; ;  Wall guard us against the night-terrors Floor shore us up above the void below cover us roof enclose us from the void above door keep out the angry stranger Hearth cherish the fire windows be beacons breathe out my warm air chimney while I am in the house In this room my eyes be twelve-paned windows clock pump my blood cover my nakedness, rug curtains be eyelids sofa, I rest on your strong thighs Where is the soul’s seat? Doctors have cut up frogs and not found love. Is this my reason? I in myselfI accompany this life’s events like a personal journalist: “Little did she know when she got in the car that afternoon ...”; or “Despite inauspicious beginnings, this was to be their happiest year.” Little did I expect that our horoscopes would prove true. And how could we foresee an answer to that frankly secular prayer, we with so little faith as to be false prophets to our most fortunate gifts. I am glad when doom fails. Inept apocalypse is a specialty of the times: the suffering of the rich at the hand of riches; the second and third comings of wars. Shouldn’t we refuse prediction that the untried today is guilty, that immeasurable as this child’s hope is, it will break tomorrow?This is the one song everyone would like to learn: the song that is irresistible: the song that forces men to leap overboard in squadrons even though they see the beached skulls the song nobody knows because anyone who has heard it is dead, and the others can't remember. Shall I tell you the secret and if I do, will you get me out of this bird suit? I don't enjoy it here squatting on this island looking picturesque and mythical with these two feathery maniacs, I don't enjoy singing this trio, fatal and valuable. I will tell the secret to you, to you, only to you. Come closer. This song is a cry for help: Help me! Only you, only you can, you are unique at last. Alas it is a boring song but it works every time.In movies when the hero is about to die, He scatters a few phrases in a place like this, Hoping the words will come up again Immortal, or the grasses will reach out for him As now they do for us. Someone has planted a row of little trees To stop the wind. Instead they’ve learned To bend like the elect In one direction only; they know The sea will shatter them. Isn’t it always like this? Something uncontrollable becomes the hero, Taking off its dress, the ice plants Sunburn from the center out So we can see that their deaths Of splendid rust and yellow are not ours, We are allowed again the glare Of the sand, the druid hills, The grasses brushing the legs, though Just to have felt it once would have been enough.The clouds shouldered a path up the mountains East of Ocampo, and then descended, Scraping their bellies gray on the cracked shingles of slate. They entered the valley, and passed the roads that went Trackless, the houses blown open, their cellars creaking And lined with the bottles that held their breath for years. They passed the fields where the trees dried thin as hat racks And the plow’s tooth bit the earth for what endured. But what continued were the wind that plucked the birds spineless And the young who left with a few seeds in each pocket, Their belts tightened on the fifth notch of hunger— Under the sky that deafened from listening for rain.A boy came up the street and there was a girl.    "Hello," they said in passing, then didn’t pass.    They began to imagine. They imagined all night    and woke imagining what the other imagined.    Later they woke with no need to imagine. They were together. They kept waking together.    Once they woke a daughter who got up and went looking for something without looking back.    But they had one another. Then one of them died.    It makes no difference which. Either. The other    tried to imagine dying, and couldn’t really, but died later, maybe to find out, though probably not. Not everything that happens    is a learning experience. Maybe nothing is.I wanted to know what it was like before we had voices and before we had bare fingers and before we had minds to move us through our actions and tears to help us over our feelings, so I drove my daughter through the snow to meet her friend and filled her car with suitcases and hugged her as an animal would, pressing my forehead against her, walking in circles, moaning, touching her cheek, and turned my head after them as an animal would, watching helplessly as they drove over the ruts, her smiling face and her small hand just visible over the giant pillows and coat hangers as they made their turn into the empty highway.The nominalist in me invents A life devoid of precedents. The realist takes a different view: He claims that all I feel and do Billions of others felt and did In history’s Pre-me period. Arguing thus, both voices speak A partial truth. I am unique, Yet the unceasing self-distress Of desire buffets me no less Than it has other sons of man Who’ve come and gone since time began. The meaning, then, of this dispute? My life’s a nominal/real pursuit, Which leaves identity clear and blurred, In which what happens has occurred Often and never—which is to say, Never to me, or quite this way.From a documentary on marsupials I learn that a pillowcase makes a fine substitute pouch for an orphaned kangaroo. I am drawn to such dramas of animal rescue. They are warm in the throat. I suffer, the critic proclaims, from an overabundance of maternal genes. Bring me your fallen fledgling, your bummer lamb, lead the abused, the starvelings, into my barn. Advise the hunted deer to leap into my corn. And had there been a wild child—filthy and fierce as a ferret, he is called in one nineteenth-century account— a wild child to love, it is safe to assume, given my fireside inked with paw prints, there would have been room. Think of the language we two, same and not-same, might have constructed from sign, scratch, grimace, grunt, vowel: Laughter our first noun, and our long verb, howl.In white pleated trousers, peering through green sunshades, looking for the way the sun is red noise, how locusts hiss to replicate the sun. What is the visual equivalent of syncopation? Rows of seared palms wrinkle in the heat waves through green glass. Sprinklers tick, tick, tick. The Watts Towers aim to split the sky into chroma, spires tiled with rubble nothing less than aspiration. I’ve left minarets for sun and syncopation, sixty-seven shades of green which I have counted, beginning: palm leaves, front and back, luncheon pickle, bottle glass, etcetera. One day I will comprehend the different    grades of red. On that day I will comprehend these people, rhythms, jazz, Simon Rodia, Watts, Los Angeles, aspiration.The yellow line could be seen for as long a time  As the highway desired  And if you fell asleep at the wheel  It fulgurated in the dozing soul  Like a brutal revelation  That allows you not to feel  In the dream’s snapshot  Your brain getting smashed  Against the milestone or the windshield ;   It was an ideal line  Crowned with horizontal blue  That unwound day after day  Like a clothesline  Flags and scalps and washed-out roses  Our countries our combats our wars  Mingling lassitude with involuntary starts  A gymnastic in disorder  That sickened our heartsNow is the time of year when bees are wild and eccentric. They fly fast and in cramped loop-de-loops, dive-bomb clusters of conversants in the bright, late-September out-of-doors. I have found their dried husks in my clothes. They are dervishes because they are dying, one last sting, a warm place to squeeze a drop of venom or of honey. After the stroke we thought would be her last my grandmother came back, reared back and slapped a nurse across the face. Then she stood up, walked outside, and lay down in the snow. Two years later there is no other way to say, we are waiting. She is silent, light as an empty hive, and she is breathing.We used to like talking about grief Our journals and letters were packed with losses, complaints, and sorrows. Even if there was no grief we wouldn’t stop lamenting as though longing for the charm of a distressed face. Then we couldn’t help expressing grief So many things descended without warning: labor wasted, loves lost, houses gone, marriages broken, friends estranged, ambitions worn away by immediate needs. Words lined up in our throats for a good whining. Grief seemed like an endless river— the only immortal flow of life. After losing a land and then giving up a tongue, we stopped talking of grief Smiles began to brighten our faces. We laugh a lot, at our own mess. Things become beautiful, even hailstones in the strawberry fields.It is more onerous than the rites of beauty or housework, harder than love. But you expect it of me casually, the way you expect the sun to come up, not in spite of rain or clouds but because of them. And so I smile, as if my own fidelity to sadness were a hidden vice— that downward tug on my mouth, my old suspicion that health and love are brief irrelevancies, no more than laughter in the warm dark strangled at dawn. Happiness. I try to hoist it on my narrow shoulders again— a knapsack heavy with gold coins. I stumble around the house,    bump into things. Only Midas himself would understand.Back when the earth was new and heaven just a whisper, back when the names of things hadn't had time to stick; back when the smallest breezes melted summer into autumn, when all the poplars quivered sweetly in rank and file . . . the world called, and I answered. Each glance ignited to a gaze. I caught my breath and called that life, swooned between spoonfuls of lemon sorbet. I was pirouette and flourish, I was filigree and flame. How could I count my blessings when I didn't know their names? Back when everything was still to come, luck leaked out everywhere. I gave my promise to the world, and the world followed me here.Baudelaire: "The dead, the poor dead, have their bad hours." But the dead have no watches, no grief and no hours. At first not smoking took all my time: I did it a little by little and hour by hour.    Per diem. Pro bono. Cui bono? Pro rata. But the poor use English. Off and on. By the hour.    "I'm sorry but we'll have to stop now." There tick but fifty minutes in the psychoanalytic hour. Vengeance is mine, yours, his or hers, ours, yours again (you-all's this time), and then (yikes!) theirs. I prefer ours. Twenty minutes fleeing phantoms at full tilt and then the cat coils herself like a quoit and sleeps for hours.Talking, we begin to find the way into our hearts, we who knew no words, words being a rare commodity in those countries we left behind. Both refugees and similarly deprived, we marvel at the many things there are to say: so many variations and colors of the same thought, so many different lengths in the words that line up together on our tongues. No scarcity, no rationing, no waiting in line in order to buy the same answer we heard each time we asked, that one word, owned by the state, manufactured by the state, serving all purposes equally alike: No, No, No, and sometimes Never.The socks  red with a white star in a crescent moon  the shoes black red gold  are to many  like a warm foot  in cold shoe leather  to others  a double knot  in  a life only as long as a shoelace  but for all that  on hot coals
Translated by Oliver Pauley  Die Socken  rot mit weißem Stern in Sichelmond  die Schuhe schwarz rot gold  für viele ist es  wie ein warmer Fuß  im kalten Schuhwerk  für andere  ein Doppelknoten  in einem  nur schnürsenkellangen Leben  aber das  auf heißem Bodenthat never would he write his autobiography because his life seemed to him just so much filth that only a few points, bloody ones he still remembers but that he would never hesitate to reach into the filth to pull out what perhaps could serve as stuff for poetry his disgusting purpose in life * * * daß niemals er schreiben werde seine autobiographie daß ihm sein leben viel zu sehr als dreck erscheine daß auch nur wenige punkte, blutige er noch erinnere daß aber niemals er zögern werde in den dreck zu fassen um herauszuziehen was vielleicht einen stoff abgäbe für poesie seinen widerlichen lebenszweckI tie my Hat—I crease my Shawl—Life's little duties do—preciselyAs the very leastWere infinite—to me— —Emily Dickinson, #443    My mother’s mother, widowed very young of her first love, and of that love’s first fruit, moved through her father’s farm, her country tongue and country heart anaesthetized and mute with labor. So her kind was taught to do— “Find work,” she would reply to every grief— and her one dictum, whether false or true, tolled heavy with her passionate belief. Widowed again, with children, in her prime, she spoke so little it was hard to bear so much composure, such a truce with time spent in the lifelong practice of despair. But I recall her floors, scrubbed white as bone, her dishes, and how painfully they shone.Plum black & the blush white of an apple shoulder, melon & cream, in tones to list the flesh; in light, washed colors off at last & textures sheer with damp I slowly pull from you with your quick help. Weekend's ample procrastinations to forget the least of what we want to do. April, half a blast of cold, half new light, green & simple. Now dusk. Now fear. We pencil what we owe on this short form, our numbers good enough. The goose-neck glare undoes how we spent the day. Each bite each bee-sting kiss each bitten O all aftertaste. Later, at the drop-off, postmark queue, we joke: "Now we can die!"Camille Corot's painting, stolen from the Louvre, May 1998    It might have always been meant  that they walked completely away,  this man on horse, woman with basket.  With their backs to us and the painter,  they are so private. But like those stories  where children step right into a picture  and, looking over their shoulders,  see the consoling frame,  these two would know the way home  like the palms of their hands, the routine  so ordinary it most encloses,  no need for thought, only motion  and the full sensation of sun  on your flesh, along the usual road.Basilica of San Zeno Maggiore, Verona    A chubby fist and wing 
float free, severed 
from the landscape of human affairs. 
Below, a barefoot saint 
seems to straddle acres, beaming 
casual self-possession, the divine 
right to stake eternal claim—but 
in the space between 
both legs, a third intrudes, 
last remnant of a man fading 
to white dust. Nine hundred years ago 
this wall was his. Reduced 
to a toehold, he now spites 
the fourteenth-century arriviste, 
holding his ground with the ghost 
of what he was. The saint remains 
oblivious. Centuries sweep 
around him like planets' rings; 
the church's wheel-of-fortune 
spins rose light 
through plague and war. 
Yet so vivid 
are his blue and russet robes, 
he glistens—a refugee 
from a sun shower 
who's arrived dripping wet, an idea 
fresh from the brush of his maker.Butter, like love, 
seems common enough 
yet has so many imitators. 
I held a brick of it, heavy and cool, 
and glimpsed what seemed like skin 
beneath a corner of its wrap; 
the décolletage revealed 
a most attractive fat! 
And most refined. 
Not milk, not cream, 
not even crème de la crème. 
It was a delicacy which assured me 
that bliss follows agitation, 
that even pasture daisies 
through the alchemy of four stomachs 
may grace a king's table. 
We have a yellow bowl near the toaster 
where summer's butter grows 
soft and sentimental. 
We love it better for its weeping, 
its nostalgia for buckets and churns 
and deep stone wells, 
for the press of a wooden butter mold 
shaped like a swollen heart.For R. L. B.    For all the far-flung continents he'd crossed, 
Revealing lands they found beyond belief; 
For all the roads that lay behind him, lost 
In caverns of some atavistic grief 
He'd carried with him since he was a boy; 
For all the years, he should be weary now. 
How then could he explain this welling joy, 
A old man on a wintry beach? Or how 
It seemed the wind bore perfumes of a whole 
New wilderness, a lush and green Brazil 
Over the dim horizon of his soul, 
Farther than memory, beyond his will, 
Where even now, in vibrant canopies, 
The twilight songs of bird to hidden bird 
Rose up in wild, untutored harmonies 
More lovely for their never being heard.Santa Maria Assunta, Torcello    Mater dolorosa, here I am hungry And ill-disposed on worn flags at your feet. Through high windows wintry sun seeps in And floods the six-tiered polychrome Apocalypse, This Sunday's text in comic strip. That's my son over by the door, impatient To be off somewhere. Other boys pose On attila's Throne while their fathers snap pictures And mothers price lace - clotheslines of lace Strung from trucks selling pizzas. Around the lagoon, your fields have grown wild; Vines redden on half-fallen fences That no longer keep the allotments apart. On some islands the women make lace, punti in aria - stitches in air -  Materializing the spaces between things.His last composed poem, "Over My Head,"    closes with the evening tide 
coming in as the light fails over Brighton Beach. 
In the years of The Great Plague,    he lived with his mother and brother 
and wrote the Elegies that remain unpublished, 
under the eaves in an unfinished room above    his mother's late-night television vigil. 
He wrote to a ghostly laugh-track 
in the night. Though he cut out and saved    lurid, five-color magazine pictures 
of The South Pacific, The Aegean; though 
he hoped for a winter crossing by steamer    until his final weakness set in, 
underneath he was a city boy 
whose poems drifted like a dinghy    in small inlets—Gravesend, Rockaway— 
out too far for safety, in sight of land.the relationship between ;    blackbird and fencepost, between  the cow and its egret, the field ;    and wildflowers overrunning the field—  so little depends upon their trust. ;    Here, in God we trust  to keep our cash and thoughts in line— ;    in the sky, an unexplained white line  could be the first of many omens. ;    But this is no country for omens,  the line as chalky as the moon, ;    bleak and useless as the moon  now rising like a breath of cold air . . . ;    There is gullibility in the air.It may seem morbid of an embezzler to keep a memorandum, yet many of them do. It may be mere neatness. ; ;-Wallace Stevens, "Surety and Fidelity Claims"    I've made a little sluice-gate in the flow 
of cash across the spreadsheet on my screen. 
Amid torrential chaos and foreseen 
disasters it maintains its small and slow 
on-off diversions, so my work can show 
the delicacy of difference between 
the beans I count and one uncounted bean, 
and where the latter might invisibly go. 
The hollowed shoe-tree, the hermetic jar 
are gadgetry I might revert to yet. 
There is the money of the thing, the far 
secure retirement years, the deep-hedged bet, 
but I love working where the unknowns are, 
and writing down what I need to forget.It's never enough being one. Why do I hopeto contain you: always undoing and undone;every place you touch me changes shape.It's not my way to just lie down;to sink, effaced and full. If you swallow me, you're drained, and halfof us is gone. Desire's fulfillment is two,not one, or our tidal meetings are through.So hurl your wet force forward, sea,take me wave by wave. Pearl maker, pullme deep; our one's a need, a momentarybliss. What I erect, you spill— castles, boulders, cliffs. My love's endurancegrain by grain; your adoration's rain.Touch my bones, my canyon's carved evidence.Even the moon who moves you is stone.In my great grandmother's time,  All one needed was a broom  To get to see places  And give the geese a chase in the sky. ; ; ;  • The stars know everything,  So we try to read their minds.  As distant as they are,  We choose to whisper in their presence. ; ; ;  • Oh Cynthia,  Take a clock that has lost its hands  For a ride.  Get me a room at Hotel Eternity  Where Time likes to stop now and then. ; ; ;  • Come, lovers of dark corners,  The sky says,  And sit in one of my dark corners.  There are tasty little zeroes  In the peanut dish tonight.Take hold of the bitter end; 
pass carefully around 
the standing part, 
being mindful of the bight. 
Finish with a round turn, 
make the knot up tight 
and it will not slip under load. 
But you'll find it not 
so easily undone; 
dangerous in the dark and cold 
and wet, when it matters most. 
These knots command allegiances. 
The Turk's head and midshipman's bend, 
the lighterman's hitch and 
the hangman's noose. 
See what names mean: 
Knots are men. 
Facing page—a simple eye-splice. 
Apply a whipping at the end 
so no strands come loose 
in the braid. The knot will hold 
Anything you care to bind.What am I to you now that you are no longer what you used to be to me? Who are we to each other now that there is no us, now that what we once were is divided into me and you who are not one but two separate and unrelated persons except for that ex- that goes in front of the words that used to mean me, used to mean you, words we rarely used (husband, wife) as when we once posed (so young and helpless) with our hands (yours, mine) clasped on the knife that was sinking into the tall white cake. All that sweetness, the layers of one thing and then another, and then one thing again.The hounds, you know them all by name. You fostered them from purblind whelps At their dam’s teats, and you have come To know the music of their yelps: High-strung Anthee, the brindled bitch, The blue-tick coated Philomel, And freckled Chloe, who would fetch A pretty price if you would sell— All fleet of foot, and swift to scent, Inexorable once on the track, Like angry words you might have meant, But do not mean, and can’t take back. There was a time when you would brag How they would bay and rend apart The hopeless belling from a stag. You falter now for the foundered hart. Desires you nursed of a winter night— Did you know then why you bred them— Whose needling milk-teeth used to bite The master’s hand that leashed and fed them?The message I found on the Post-it note 
went thus: love truth; expect to be found out. Kid-style capitals proved I wrote it, but 
left no clue why I'd swelled into a fat 
clause no editor could edit; then, an entry 
on a shrink's list of patient slang for sex— 
her desk Norwegian teak, the mug of tea 
on which she had affixed her Post-it notes 
hot against her knuckle, their lips of stickum 
loosening . . . And yet, I knew the note 
to peel away at hour's end would terminate 
our sessions—cool as the draft her linen 
skirt was lifting to: Love, just stay benighted,  given everything I know you've got to hide.If you believe in the magic of language, then Elvis really Lives and Princess Diana foretold I end as car spin. If you believe the letters themselves contain a power within them, then you understand what makes outside tedious, how desperation becomes a rope ends it. The circular logic that allows senator to become treason, and treason to become atoners. That eleven plus two is twelve plus one, and an admirer is also married. That if you could just rearrange things the right way you’d find your true life, the right path, the answer to your questions: you’d understand how the Titanic turns into that ice tin, and debit card becomes bad credit. How listen is the same as silent, and not one letter separates stained from sainted.It was so simple: you came back to me And I was happy. Nothing seemed to matter But that. That you had gone away from me And lived for days with him—it didn’t matter. That I had been left to care for our old dog And house alone—couldn’t have mattered less! On all this, you and I and our happy dog Agreed. We slept. The world was worriless. I woke in the morning, brimming with old joys Till the fact-checker showed up, late, for work And started in: Item: it’s years, not days. Item: you had no dog. Item: she isn’t back, In fact, she just remarried. And oh yes, item: you Left her, remember?That it was shy when alive goes without saying.
We know it vanished at the sound of voices
Or footsteps. It took wing at the slightest noises,
Though it could be approached by someone praying.
We have no recordings of it, though of course
In the basement of the Museum, we have some stuffed
Moth-eaten specimens—the Lesser Ruffed
And Yellow Spotted—filed in narrow drawers.
But its song is lost. If it was related to
A species of Quiet, or of another feather,
No researcher can know. Not even whether
A breeding pair still nests deep in the bayou,
Where legend has it some once common bird
Decades ago was first not seen, not heard.And at the picnic table under the ancient elms, 
one of my parents turned to me and said: 
“We hope you end up here,”
where the shade relieves the light, where we sit  in some beneficence—and I felt the shape of the finite  after my ether life: the ratio, in all dappling, 
of dark to bright; and yet how brief my stay would be 
under the trees, because the voice I’d heard 
could not cradle me, could no longer keep me 
in greenery; and I would have to say good-bye 
again, make my way across the white 
California sand and back: or am I now creating 
the helplessness I heard those words express, 
the psalm torn like a map in my hands?The count of cappuccino, 
the marquise of meringue, 
all the little cantuccini...
and what was the song they sang? 
Oh, the best of us is nothing  
but a sweetening of the air,  
a tryst between the teeth and tongue: 
we meet and no one’s there  
though the café’s always crowded  
as society arrives 
and light glints to and fro between  
the eyes and rings and knives. 
We’ll slip away together,  
perfect ghosts of appetite,  
the balancing of ash on fire 
and whim—the mating flight 
of amaretti papers,  
my petite montgolfiere,  
our lit cage rising weightless  
up the lift shaft of the air.  
So the count of cappuccino, 
the marquise of not much more,
consumed each other’s hunger. 
Then the crash. And then the war.Written on a slat of a railway car: If some time someone should find pearls threaded on a blood-red string of silk which, near the throat, runs all the thinner like life’s own path until it’s gone somewhere in a fog and can’t be seen— If someone should find these pearls let him know how—cool, aloof—they lit up the eighteen-year-old, impatient heart of the Paris dancing girl, Marie. Now, dragged through unknown Poland— I’m throwing my pearls through the grate. If they’re found by a young man— let these pearls adorn his girlfriend. If they’re found by a girl— let her wear them; they belong to her. And if they’re found by an old man— let him, for these pearls, recite a prayer.Maybe my soul’s all right.    But my body’s all wrong,    All bent and twisted,    All this that hurts me so.    My soul keeps trying, trying    To straighten my body up.    It hangs on my skeleton, frantic,    Flapping its terrified wings.    Look here, look at my hands,    They look like little wet toads    After a rainstorm’s over,    Hopping, hopping, hopping.    Maybe God didn’t like    The look of my face when He saw it.    Sometimes a big dog    Looks right into it.Once again you’ve fallen for the lure 
of his deferral, his quick eyes’ brightness 
slinking from the pantry of the righteous. 
Nothing half so sleek as self-licked fur. 
Not that he forgot your boots, or left 
A single high-aimed compliment unturned. 
He’ll double back, affect to be concerned 
when he’s the secret reason you’re bereft, 
embracing you with his Houdini hold, 
repeating chewed-off bits of what you say 
so he seems loyal, you the turncoat jay. 
You’d think by now you’d learn to be consoled 
to know the soul he sold’s not yours but his, 
though where yours was a hollow feeling is.made it to Florida  and then I went for a walk.    The frog pond is half-iced over.  I chucked a stick at it—  still thin. On the white side,    the wind twirled a leaf around    like a prepubescent figure skater  who’s given up her childhood  to get here. Of course, the leaf  was wearing its practice costume  of browns, the whole world    offed of spangles as I am    offed of you. Why    mail snow? Just to show  I could keep it cold  in so much heat.It seems to head from its last stop too fast, 
my transbay train’s strungout hoo, deep 
inside the tunnel, and starts to bleed 
into the baritone wail of that guy 
at platform’s end, a sort of lullaby 
rubbed against the wall then caught in a squall 
of wind darkening toward us, his whippy voice 
skinning its tired song off the tiled dome: 
he’s determined, the silky lyric says, 
to be independently blue, while we all 
wait to be chuted to car lot or home, 
closer to love, or farther, and sooner to loss, 
our bashful shoes and arms like lives crossed, 
every plural presence now some thing alone, 
thanks to our singer-man. We wait for the train, 
patient with hope, a hope that’s like complaint.Osseous, aqueous, cardiac, hepatic—
back from bone the echoes stroke, back
from the halved heart, the lungs
three years of weightlessness have cinched to gills.
From a leather chaise, the astronaut's withered legs
dangle, as back they come, sounds
a beaked percussion hammer startles into shape.
The physician cocks his head and taps—exactly
as a splitter halves his slate, the metamorphic rock
chisel-shocked, then shocked again, halved
and halved, until a roof appears, black as space.
I'm gaining ground, he says, the astronaut,
who knows, from space, earth is just a blue-green glow,
a pilot light he circled once, lifted, swiftly flown
above the rafters and atmospheres, half himself
and half again some metamorphic click, 
extinct as memory. I'm gaining ground,
he says, and back it comes, his glint
of cloud-crossed world: a pilot light
or swaddled leaf, green in the season's infancy.Although a tide turns in the trees ; the moon doesn't turn the leaves, 
though chimneys smoke and blue concedes ; to bluer home-time dark.
Though restless leaves submerge the park ; in yellow shallows, ankle-deep, 
and through each tree the moon shows, halved ;or quartered or complete,
the moon's no fruit and has no seed, ; and turns no tide of leaves on paths 
that still persist but do not lead ; where they did before dark.
Although the moonstruck pond stares hard ; the moon looks elsewhere. Manholes breathe. 
Each mind's a different, distant world ; this same moon will not leave.I couldn't have waited. By the time you return it would have rotted on the vine. So I cut the first tomato into eighths, salted the pieces in the dusk and found the flesh not mealy (like last year's) or bitter, even when I swallowed the green crown of the stem that made my throat feel dusty and warm. Pah. I could have gagged on the sweetness. The miser accused by her red sums. Better had I eaten the dirt itself on this the first night in my life when I have not been too busy for my loneliness— at last, it comes.Say you love the albums with the smoky riffs 
and downbeat rhythms. Here, they beg, fall in with us. 
Forget that book, have a whiskey . . . have another. 
Say you love the books, the words 
and the silences between the words—
faded yellow dashes on a disused highway.
Say you love the highway, the blacktop
and the bullet-riddled sign that reads
Primitive Road where the blacktop ends. 
Say you love the fields, the black of midnight,
coyotes' yipped prayers, and 
their raw thirst for hens.  
Say you love the raw salt of powder
when its ghost rises from the rifle's breech
and settles, sweet with lead, in your lungs.
Then breathe what's left back to the world—
speak the coyote's tongue, sweat the nitro
from your blood, say you love what you've become.We are a sad people, without hats. The history of our nation is tragically benign. We like to watch the rabbits screwing in the graveyard. We are fond of the little bunny with the bent ear who stands alone in the moonlight reading what little text there is on the graves. He looks quite desirable like that. He looks like the center of the universe. Look how his mouth moves mouthing the words while the others are busy making more of him. Soon the more will ask of him to write their love letters and he will oblige, using the language of our ancestors, those poor clouds in the ground, beloved by us who have been standing here for hours, a proud people after all.Permit me to open by expressing joy and wonder that we're marching at the head of our companies in different uniforms under a different command but with a single aim—to survive You say to me—look here we should probably let these boys go home to their Margot to their Kasia war is beautiful only in parades but apart from that as we know—mud and blood and rats As you speak comes an avalanche of artillery fire it's that bastard Parkinson who is taking so long he caught up with us at last when we took a walk on an irregular route our collars loose at the chin our hands in our pockets we were on leave already when Parkinson suddenly reminded us that it was not the end yet that this blasted war isn't over yetThe word, the stone, the ringing phone, the part of me that wants to be alone, the vow of silence in the reeds; God descends in ravenese. The vinegar tasters dip their fingers, make their faces: stoic, bitter, strangely sweet. The seeker leaves for Bangladesh, the prophets check for signs of theft, the singers sing for what is left. The children breathe. Come of age. Search the faces for a taste of what's to come: the widening road, the row your boat, he choked with weeds, the rabbit hole. This holding on. The word, the stone, the ringing phone. The part of we that answers when alone.new york, madame, ; ; ; ; ; ; ;is a monument to a city it is    TA-DA    a gigantic pike whose scales    bristled up stunned and what used to be just smoke    found a fire that gave it birth champagne foam    melted into metal    glass rivers    flowing upwards    and things you won't tell to a priest    you reveal to a cabdriver    even time is sold out    when to the public's "wow" and "shhh"    out of a black top hat    a tailed magician    is pulling new york out    by the ears of skyscrapersI’m working on my poems and working with    my fingers not my head. Because my fingers are the farthest stretching things from me. Look at the tree. Like its longest branch I touch the evening’s quiet breathing. Sounds    of rain. The crackling heat from other trees. The tree points everywhere. The branches can’t    reach to their roots though. Growing longer they grow weaker also. Can’t make use of water. Rain falls. But I’m working with these farthest stretching things from me. Along my fingertips bare shoots    of days then years unfurl in the cold air.As I drew nearer to the end of all desire, I brought my longing's ardor to a final height, Just as I ought. My vision, becoming pure, Entered more and more the beam of that high light That shines on its own truth. From then, my seeing Became too large for speech, which fails at a sight Beyond all boundaries, at memory's undoing— As when the dreamer sees and after the dream The passion endures, imprinted on his being Though he can't recall the rest. I am the same: Inside my heart, although my vision is almost Entirely faded, droplets of its sweetness come The way the sun dissolves the snow's crust— The way, in the wind that stirred the light leaves,    The oracle that the Sibyl wrote was lost.The man was white, grey and pale brown,
the colorless colors of a used-up earth
where water has sunk down,
sunk down so low and risen
so far above the grey-white pale-brown heaven
and shrunk so far within itself
that it will not come back. What can moisten
a shriveled water, or can a clod of ash
regain colors from the identical howl
of a white powder sun?
Not in me, he said,
ever again, but in the street
with engine and worker petals, not papery,
more fragile than that, there will be color.
My eye will reach color, all colors, every one
together, which no one will see in me
ever again.
I turned to the sky then
and it was all one blue, the color of seeing,
and yet was as many blues, as subtle,
as tones of stubble in the most sunken cheek.Gotta love us brown girls, munching on fat, swinging blue hips, decked out in shells and splashes, Lawdie, bringing them woo hips. As the jukebox teases, watch my sistas throat the heartbreak, inhaling bassline, cracking backbone and singing thru hips. Like something boneless, we glide silent, seeping 'tween floorboards, wrapping around the hims, and ooh wee, clinging like glue hips. Engines grinding, rotating, smokin', gotta pull back some. Natural minds are lost at the mere sight of ringing true hips. Gotta love us girls, just struttin' down Manhattan streets killing the menfolk with a dose of that stinging view. Hips. Crying 'bout getting old—Patricia, you need to get up off what God gave you. Say a prayer and start slinging. Cue hips.So sexy to slide under-
neath a river, 
to sit inside this
snakelike sub-
marine-like 
subway car and
freely imagine
the world above—
the Brooklyn
Bridge invisibly
trembling with the
weight of its 
own beauty, 
the East River
still guided by
the grooves
Walt Whitman's 
eyes wore in it,
the bulldog tug-
boats pushing the
passively impressive
broad-bottomed 
barges around, 
and the double-
decker orange
and black Staten
Island ferries,
with their aura
of overworked
pack-mule
mournfulness,
and beyond them
the Atlantic Ocean
which I lately learned
was brought here
by ice comets three
billion years ago, 
which explains 
a few things, like
why everybody 
feels so alienated,
and of course
the thoughts being
thought by every
person in New
York City at
this moment—
vast schools of
undulating fish
curving and rising 
in the cloud-swirling 
wind-waved sky,
surrounded by
the vaster emptiness
of non-thought 
which holds them
and which they try
not to think 
about and you 
lying in bed in 
your sixth-floor 
walk-up sublet 
on St. Mark's Place—
such a breath-
taking ascension!
imagining me
rising now to meet you.Drepung, Tibet, 1958    So won a name in this place,   handing off lath strips to a hammer's   measure, seeing the passing girls' slits   in roils of timber grain. Mountains, barley, scaffold,   dirt. I was sixteen. And hourly   from the hoods of faraway bells   monks emerging like hairless animals. I was sixteen. What did I know   of sovereignty, or the new soldiers   by the gate, chinning their shotguns   like violins? Nights, a tin roof wind cracked flat; my sister,   flushed with child, hushing a child.who would believe them winged who would believe they could be beautiful ;    who would believe they could fall so in love with mortals that they would attach themselves as scars attach and ride the skin sometimes we hear them in our dreams rattling their skulls ;    clicking their bony fingers envying our crackling hair our spice filled flesh they have heard me beseeching as I whispered into my own cupped hands ;  enough not me again enough ;  but who can distinguish one human voice   amid such choruses of desireThe lightning struck him and left a scar. The wind stopped blowing and the wheat stood up. Self-tensed self, who is this I that says I ? I had a scar in the shape of  lightning That split in half when I opened my mouth. The sun  just a circle of  heat in the sky Throwing absence in the shape of clouds Down on the field. Another life placed In the middle of  the life I called my own. A lesser god commanded the front: return. A little god knocked about in the germ. The third person put me outside my own sphere. A small god chanting lightning in the synapse. Wind blows the wheat down. He calls it prayer.In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread: you put this rather beautifully, and gave me leave to sing my work until my work became the song. In sorrow shalt thou eat of it: a line on which a man might ring the changes as he tills the ground from which he was taken. Thistle, thorn (in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed), these too shall it bring forth to thee, all the days of thy life till the end, the synagogue of the ear of corn. Poem and plowman cleave the dark. One can't eat art. But dust is art, and unto dust shall I return. O let my song become my work.april breath of  boyish red the tongue crushes strawberry dreams ; ; ; ; ; ; ;hack away wound ; ; ; ; ; ; ;and wound the fountain and on the mouth perspiration white from someone's neck a little tooth  has bit the finger of  the bride the ; ; ; ; ; ; ;tabby yellow and sere ; ; ; ; ; ; ;howls the red boy  from the gable flies an animal hearkens in his white throat ; ; ; ; ; ; ;his juice runs down ; ; ; ; ; ; ;pigeon thighs a pale sweet spike still sticks in woman white lard an april breath of  boyish redmy puppet-strings are the sweet decaying lamps I flutter round. I am as immense as a black kid with a spinning top. drowned tripper fat crawls into hollow cuffs to be sewn up like hot cats cracked soft caryatids in tails. I'll force you all to your knees your dirty muzzles will squawk out of your faces. and I will continue to climb I'll spread my thin arms along the queer walls till they bleed. I'll reach into threadbare velvet so that you bash yourselves like poor moths on corners of night. the reason I'm here is to scratch all the white bellies squatting down there. your stupid silence I will  just toss up in the air. I am as sky high as all your staring regards laid end to end on the ground somewhere lies my broken smile.In a culvert by the airport under crumbling slag wine colored water seeps to this pool the two does drink from: each sipping as the other keeps look out. The skyline is a blur of  barcode and microchip. Even at home we hold the narrowest purchase. No arcs of tracer fire. No caravans of fleeing families. Only this suspicion ripples through our circles of lamp glow (as you sweep the faint sweat from your forehead and flip  another page in your novel) this sense that all we own is the invisible web of our words and touches silence and fabulation all make believe and real as the two does out scavenging through rose hips and shattered drywall: their presence in the space around them liveliest just before they vanish.A figment, a thumbed maquette of a cat, some ditched plaything, something brought in from outside: his white fur stiff and grey, coming apart at the seams. I study the muzzle of perished rubber, one ear eaten away, his sour body lumped like a bean-bag leaking thinly into a grim towel. I sit and watch the light degrade in his eyes. He tries and fails to climb to his chair, shirks in one corner of the kitchen, cowed, denatured, ceasing to be anything like a cat, and there's a new look in those eyes that refuse to meet mine and it's the shame of  being found out.  Just that. And with that loss of face his face, I see, has turned human.The question of my mother is on the table. The dark box of her mind is also there, the garden of everywhere we used to walk together. Among the things the body doesn't know, it is the dark box I return to most: fallopian city engrained in memory, ghost-orchid egg in the arboretum, hinged lid forever bending back and forth — open to me, then closed  like the petals of the paperwhite narcissus. What would it take to make a city in me? Dark arterial streets, neglected ovary hard as an acorn hidden in its dark box on the table: Mother, I am out of my mind, spilling everywhere.they move in swift on the Swift Plants in six states & sift through the faces to separate the dark from the light like meat & seat them in the back of vans packed tight like the product they pack & who's to pick up the slack the black & white can't cut it so the beef stacks sell single to feed the pack ;  the flock who block passages & clog the cogs of the machine ;  the process not so swift to give & grant a wish of a place ;  a stake in the land handling the steaks for the rest to take in ;  to sate the mouths of the stock who have stock in the business of beef & beef with the brown who ground themAs if the moon could haul through you Its tremor of light and stone, Be cleared of sound. Plough The mind's noise until it's a shine In the purl of south-bending river that bears Itself toward a blacker part of the forest. If you hum, hum through the motes of air, Perhaps your nerves will find at last A tone to which they will succumb. Be still. Be not so heavy-hearted For a moment. All is not a tomb, Blind sarcophagus staring dumb, thwarted Pleasures nailed inside. These fireflies Sweep their tracings on the evening. Weep if you must, but board what falls Away, abdomens flaring— The brief, nomadic intervals.That sparrow on the iron railing, not worth a farthing, purchases a realm its shrill cries measure, trading dying for being. It's up to no good, out to overturn a kingdom just by swooping into the right kitchen, or upsetting somebody's aim. For my pleasure, I'll call it Good News, or Little Egypt. For my delight, I'll think of it as needle and thread. Or a breathing remnant restored to a living cloth. Or scissors trimming lament to allow for everything I don't know. For my happiness, I'll call it Pocket Dictionary Full of Words in Another Language. For my gladness, Feathered Interval, The Deciding Gram, Geronimo. For nothing, Monument to the Nano.Don't bring haw into the house at night or in any month with a red fruit in season or when starlings bank against the light, don't bring haw in. Don't give me reason to think you have hidden haw about you. Tucked in secret, may its thorn thwart you. Plucked in blossom, powdered by your thumb, I will smell it for the hum of haw is long, its hold is low and lilting. If you bring haw in, I will know you want me gone to the fairies and their jilting. I will know you want me buried in the deep green field   where god knows what is rotting.Far away, far away, men making wars. Other folk's blood spilt on other folk's floors. Only this morning I wounded my finger: a thorn on my rosebush pierced like a stinger. Sucking that finger, I thought of the war. Sad is the earth! And those people, so poor! I'm of no help, being here and not there, nor can I reach them, by sea or by air. And what if I could—what good could I do? My Arabic's terrible! My English is, too! What, should I stroll through the fields of the dead leaving sheaves of my verses under each head? No. Enough of this wretched irony-fest. Let's put on a coat. The sun's low in the west.Psychoanalysis always looks for the egg in a basket that has been lost. * ;  * ;  * I sample sin as if it were the beginning of well-being. * ;  * ;  * I don't like Paradise as they probably don't have obsessions there. * ;  * ;  * If God absolves me he always does so for insufficient evidence. * ;  * ;  * Everyone is a friend of his own pathology. * ;  * ;  * When I raise a toast to madness, I toast myself as well. * ;  * ;  * There are nights that don't ever happen.The happy ones are almost always also vulgar; happiness has a way of thinking that's rushed and has no time to look but keeps on moving, compact and manic, with contempt in passing for the dying: Get on with your life, come on, buck up! Those stilled by pain don't mix with the cheerful, self-assured runners but with those who walk at the same slow pace. If one wheel locks and the other's turning the turning one doesn't stop turning but goes as far as it can, dragging the other in a poor, skewed race until the cart either comes to a halt or falls apart.At the center of the lit circle, rising from cotton-candy calf muscles, the White Clown ushers his eyebrows skyward. He grates his ukulele, opens a heart-shaped mouth, inhales— his serenade begins. Now's the time. From the shadows, a blast like a trumpeting elephant: obscene, ragged. The Auguste capers like a fawn, darts away, pads around with his trombone. The gold of the slide slips into and out of the infinite. Everything smells of panther and piss and mint. His gaze fixed on the clash between the welled tears and the awful laughing shoes, the little boy grows ever more grave, ever more severe.I love her fierceness when she fights me, shouting "Not fair!" Her eyes slitting like shutters in cities by the sea. Her life is rife with bonfires—seen and unseen— fires that burn through the turning years bringing her to life again, and again, in a miracle of smoke. This heat gives her a sense of forgiveness—or so I imagine— she kisses my back, capriciously, when I scold her. Maybe she recalls the scalpel by which she was born. Easy, the mark of its slash in my skin. She rose from my belly as I slept. We're bound together by peace, no shrieks of pain, and my modesty. We're a canvas by Giovanni Bellini: a virgin and a sweet rabbit.There were no alarms, no sentries: how could there have been? The doors were even standing open, and if we could do it again we wouldn't have it any other way. Defenseless—isn't that better? Unarmed? Now we follow these strangers, who lead us along without loving us, without curiosity or comprehension, merely sufficiently convinced of our value, and perhaps intent on profiting from us. We will be passed from hand to hand in the markets of the great prairie. We will grow ever quieter, ever more condemned to wrap ourselves in the blind solitude of objects.   Beneath the touch of countless rags, we will let the slightest traces of our origin be erased.From Mars cruel god of war The desire to tie the corpse to the chariot And drag it around each morning, From Mercury the idea to put a stop to that And buy the body back. Because everything sooner or later becomes a musical Or a collectible card or figurine Hitler or the Fierce Saladin Dracula the Impaler All stripped of any awareness of suffering: There is no voice in stones No word that turns to flesh or blood. (At that auction held at Bolaffi, Those intriguing heart-shaped or "C" postmarks Stamped after their arrival in Florence On two letters sent from the field to the family Of a student volunteer at Curtatone.)It is the great arguments we are proud of, over a nibbled peach, hair in the comb, a faulty lube job; the reconciliations were always naked in borrowed rooms, sometimes in Queens or Staten Island, we touched each other shyly—we reminded each other of loneliness and funk and beautiful pigeons with oil-slick necks, cooing bitterly— but there we lost each other in forgiveness; keeping score, being wounded even in triumph, walking home down leafy avenues etched with the faint double line of extinct trolleys, caressing carved hearts under a sheen of sap with a ragged nail, sleeping alone, choosing the dream of betrayal, entering by the wide door and waking dead—there we were superb. In Brooklyn we held our own.Dog days doggone dog-tired dogwork of summer, mowing the grass we're all coming to the dog tags of you, me, I, we, stashed in a box, doghouse throwaways. Even the namesake tree whose blossoms some call Jesus-flowers for the rust-grooved tips of the petals as if nails now removed had indented the shape of a cross, betrays my mood how all those springs ago seeing our tree nailed with bloody after bloody crucifix I said this beauty's no foo-foo and sure enough my dog-weary dearie mowing today, the spring long gone, I brush a limb on whose tired leaves mites amble the edible thoroughfares and as if to confirm it, our neighbor's mutt runs along the fence yapping dogwood dogwood dogwood as the mower chugs on, our train leaving for the city beneath the grass.All sons sleep next to mothers, then alone, then with others Eventually, all our sons bare molars, incisors Meanwhile, mothers are wingless things in a room of stairs A gymnasium of bars and ropes, small arms hauling self over self Mothers hum nonsense, driving here and there (Here! There!) in hollow steeds, mothers reflecting how faint reflections shiver over the road All the deafening musts along the way Mothers favor the moon—hook-hung and mirroring the sun— there, in a berry bramble, calm as a stone This is enough to wrench our hand out of his and simply devour him, though he exceeds even the tallest grass Every mother recalls a lullaby, and the elegy blowing through itIt’s not enough to cover the rock with leaves  — as if  vernal fluidities could be enough for the stern assault of  fact. As if  a living ornament, light and subject to temporal  breezes, could be enough to overcome despair, that chunk of  something solid in the air, unmoving, as words repeated are. It’s not enough to cover despair with motion. Motion itself  is flawed, continuous motion a narrow, thin escape from what is rooted. Leaves do sway, but in truth, they’re only flapping out, ancillary, uncertain, buffeted this way and that. They remain the fact they are bound to, involuntary notions victim to the weather of  a day, gripped by what has thrust between the rocks, flexible as everything not rock is, reckless as imagining is reckless.Why do roses need their thorns?  Some things are little known.  But thorns of roses  spring and seize the surface  of  fey airs  before the roses come.  I’ve seen thorns huddle in a harmony alone, hunkered down on green, wiry canes,  smoothed blades of whipping rose stalks,  and curl their polished tridents  to night’s call.  They are like stars  digging into firmament  with such desire, you don’t quite get it,  and so healthy that  they almost have to wound,  or like bodies that can’t be argued,  borrowed, tamed.  The touch of a thorn  is a wry, deep telling  of the senses not to bloom without a wish to,  without belief  in pain  to hold us true.1 Four poilus in a wood austerely shitting. Death watches them, laughing, its sides splitting. Life is a cry followed by laughter. The body before, the waste after. ; ; ; ; ; ; ;2 Could one hear in that wood the gentle click of  the shutter like the breaking of a stick or the safety catch on its climacteric ; ; ; ; ; ; ;3 Like the four winds. Like a low fart that rips clean air in two, like urine that drips. Four squatting footsoldiers of  the Apocalypse. ; ; ; ; ; ; ;4 Kiss them lightly, faint breeze in the small  leaves, be the mop on the brow, the sigh that relieves. Let them dump and move on into the dark plate of  the unexposed future, too little and too late.What you cannot see through those windows beyond the bare hill is the hand resting on the table, is the man lying still on the bed, is the vague gesture of  the young woman in the hallway as she remembers something that happened yesterday, is the mouse hesitating under the draining board, is the twelve year old boy putting on a record of  Wiener Blut that he once saw his parents waltzing to. All that you see is the all-but-naked child on the all-but-naked hill against a naked sky, as if  what you could not see were the question and she the reply.So long I have been carrying myself Carefully, carefully, like a small child With too much water in a real glass Clasped in two hands, across a space as vast As living rooms, while gazes watch the waves That start to rile the little inland sea And slap against its cliffs' transparency, Revise and meet, double their amplitude, Harmonizing doubt from many ifs. Distant frowns like clouds begin to brood. Soon there is overbrimming. Soon the child Looks up to find a face to match the scolding, And just as he does, the vessel he was holding Is almost set down safely on the bookshelf.Something has come between us— It will not sleep. Every night it rises like a fish Out of the deep. It cries with a human voice, It aches to be fed. Every night we heave it weeping Into our bed, With its heavy head lolled back, Its limbs hanging down, Like a mer-creature fetched up From the weeds of the drowned. Damp in the tidal dark, it whimpers, Tossing the cover, Separating husband from wife, Lover from lover. It settles in the interstice, It spreads out its arms, While its cool underwater face Sharpens and warms: This is the third thing that makes Father and mother, The fierce love of our fashioning That will have no brother.The dead were still singing Turn the lights down low Beneath Yellow Bridge where years before, clowning And ass out, Stick jumped with nothing but the State Championship trophy in his righteous clutch. The water Was supposed to be deepest there, and for three seasons Straight MVPs: Charlie "Fly" Kennison, Long Timmy Long, And Rocket Jefferson, those are the names I knew, jumped Free. But Stick's ankle broke. I fished him out, crumpled  And bawling like the day he was born, like an object of Baptism, and a life of bad luck followed in the shape of Floods and fractured lightning, and then, numb, tooth- Less, and changed, the dead refused burial, striking out, 2 By 2, 4 by 4, from the morgue house to raise trouble at The bridge. I started hearing birds everywhere after that.the deep male growl of the sea-lashed headland —Sophocles, Philoctetes    August long ago, the summer Lemnian (not like the deeds of those who killed their men), the self a glowing bead, like Hephaestus falling daylong out of heaven in the old story, the island's interior a forge, a glory hole, the odor of wild thyme borne offshore steadily, the Aegean Sea purple, wine-dark, without epithet; and as I walked on the beach, my mother not long dead, the perfect crystal of my self-regard so lately flawed, and landscape made to echo my own low cry in the island's empty places, I found a pure white bone that wind and salt had scoured of every grief and all self-pity: and so I came to the love of others.Last night she came to me, my mother, dead: but as she was in the photo, that last Christmas, wearing a red dress, and her lipstick was red (I wonder if that means she lives in hell), and I saw again that she was beautiful, the same high forehead I have, the same wide brow, and just my age, forty-nine; and now I was talking fast, because I knew I had no time, and I told her I loved her, I told her how her life had informed mine, and I begged her to come to me again, to meet my children, my wife. I said to her—My work, see what I have made, I have tried to do what you did not live to do. But she smiled at me and began to fade.Insanity is not a want of reason. It is reason's overgrowth, a calculating kudzu. Explaining why, in two-ton manifesti, thinkers sally forth with testaments and pipe bombs. Heaven help us: spare us all your meaningful designs. Shine down or shower forth, but (for the earthling's sake) ignore all prayers followed by against, or for. Teach us to bear life's senselessness, our insignificance, and more; let's call that sanity. The terrifying prospect isn't some escapist with a novel, fond of comfort, munching sweets— it is the busy hermeneut, so serious he's sour, intent on making meaning of us all, and bursting from the towers to the streets.When I saw one of those men touch your hair,    I heard for the first time in many a year the ancient battle trumpets and I saw the banners of an army winding off to war and felt that blind power urging me to knock him out with one punch, send him tumbling to the floor. If nobody had held me back, stopped me,    I would—God help me—have killed him on the spot, stomped out his blood, and spit in it. I'm sorry, but you must be aware your winding hair    is different now, a hornets' nest, a snakes' lair! Yes, like a ball of snakes in a flower basket, dear.Columns, arches, vaults: how he knew The ways you promise what you lack; And that your bodies, like your souls, Always slip from our grasping hands. Space is such a lure . . . Swift to disappoint, As they raise and topple clouds, the sky's Architects still offer more than ours, Who only build a scaffolding of dreams. He dreamed, all the same; but on that day, He gave a better use to beauty's shapes: He understood that form means to die. And this, his final work, is a coin With both sides bare. He made in stone, Of this great room, the arrow and the bow.Moringa of the flood bed on the banks of the river Tigris. A dove on a swaying bough's mournful cooing has turned me sad, Her song like the song of the queen of the gathering— When she touches her triple chord    you can forget the maestro brother of the caliph al-Hádi! And when she sings!—who was Ánjash that camel driver with the mesmerizing chant, anyway? In Hadimát, Sálma's direction, and Sindád, I swear it, I'm in love, far gone, with a girl who lives in Ájyadi.    Wrong, she lives in the obsidian black of the membrane of my liver. Through her, in a rush of musk    and saffron, beauty falls    into disarray.Oh, for corniced palace of Baghdad! not the palatial cornices of Sindád al-Híra— It crowns the gardens cascading below,   a virgin unveiled in a perfumed chamber. Wind plays in the branches. They bend. Lovers at last coming together. Her neck necklaced by the river Tigris, her lord our master our Imám al-Hádi, Násir, Mansúr, best of caliphs, who never set out on horseback to war. God bless him long   as a dove on a swaying bough's cooing, Long as smiles flash lightning (and eyes stream like clouds in answer) From a bride like the sun when the mist parts, revealing herself luminous in splendor.I will die in Paris with a rainstorm, on a day I already remember, I will die in Paris—and I don't shy away— perhaps on a Thursday, as today is, in autumn. ;   It will be Thursday, because today, Thursday, as I prose these lines, I've put on my humeri in a bad mood,    and, today like never before, I've turned back, with all of my road, to see myself alone. ;   César Vallejo has died; they kept hitting him,    everyone, even though he does nothing to them, they gave it to him hard with a club and hard ;   also with a rope; witnesses are the Thursday days and the humerus bones,    the solitude, the rain, the roads. . .I'm sitting here on the old patio beside your absence. It is a black well. We'd be playing, now. . . I can hear Mama yell    "Boys! Calm down!" We'd laugh, and off I'd go    to hide where you'd never look. . . under the stairs,    in the hall, the attic. . . Then you'd do the same. Miguel, we were too good at that game.    Everything would always end in tears. No one was laughing on that August night you went to hide away again, so late it was almost dawn. But now your brother's through with this hunting and hunting and never finding you. The shadows crowd him. Miguel, will you hurry    and show yourself? Mama will only worry.Enormous solids were falling from who knows what heights, who knows what places. I trembled, and in my mouth an inky taste. Precise. Hail, maybe, enormous kernels of ice; coming down, with a scandalous impact, didn't bury me, terrorized, under the covers. It didn't happen, it wasn't that. A below zero temperature    circulated through the soft center of my bones. A truly searing cold.    Nothing having to do with monsters came to pass. Nothing to do with interminable distances. No brutal incidents. Only the agony of acorns. Only a cycle that completes itself every few years and transforms into a tropical forest a choiring oak grove.    Which is the fear.The Christian cannot    be the pitying one because he is the one pitied. From a dusty road in a straight line from przedmiescie to Krasnystaw at the entrance to town at Zhitkovski's    in his house we lived, he makes coffins with crosses. On the threshold I sat as a boy opposite a building held together by nails facing the church the cloister the impurity, my mother says, I sat as a boy. On the wall Jesus and Mary. Jesus and his mother were never parted. My mother's son left her not to be on the wall. Mary's son    never left, and he paid the price. —October 26-29, 1989There is a moment before a shape hardens, a color sets. Before the fixative or heat of   kiln. The letter might still be taken from the mailbox. The hand held back by the elbow, the word kept between the larynx pulse   and the amplifying drum-skin of the room’s air. The thorax of an ant is not as narrow. The green coat on old copper weighs more.   Yet something slips through it — looks around, sets out in the new direction, for other lands. Not into exile, not into hope. Simply changed. As a sandy track-rut changes when called a Silk Road: it cannot be after turned back from.Seawater stiffens cloth long after it’s dried. As pain after it’s ended stays in the body: A woman moves her hands oddly because her grandfather passed through a place he never spoke of. Making instead the old jokes with angled fingers. Call one thing another’s name long enough, it will answer. Call pain seawater, tree, it will answer. Call it a tree whose shape of   branches happened. Call what branching happened a man whose job it was to break fingers or lose his own. Call fingers angled like branches what peel and cut apples, to give to a girl who eats them in silence, looking. Call her afterward tree, call her seawater angled by silence.Without intending to hide, the imagined copperhead hid on the path ahead, unseen on bronze leaves, unheard, and a mortal likelihood   at every step. This was childhood, mine, the wood’s jihad    against a boy who’d intruded among monkshood, wasp, tick, and nettles haired with needles. Scrub brush abhorred him with a horde of  welts, bites, and stings, but he’d never seen a copperhead, though he’d looked hard taking, as he’d been ordered, heed. The snake wasn’t a falsehood, though, to him. Dread was his nature, and he hared through sunlight and shade, head swiveling for the copperhead he’d begun to covet, the ballyhooed killer a camouflaged godhead on which his inborn faith cohered, and his priesthood.“Talking only makes me feel more alone,” you said once in the car outside the clinic. Two years later, you spoke the same sentence  word for word one night after friends had gone. Within a month, you’d erased yourself    . . . Erased? “To absent oneself,” I found scribbled on a wrapper a year later    . . . ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;Now sunlight and tree shadow rush over the windshield of  the car: I’m talking with my new wife — then gone, absented. “Sometimes I feel almost too much joy,”  you wrote from the balcony of  your cheap hotel in Paris. “What are you thinking?” she asks. Light shutters across us. Wherever you are in me I’m there, though it’s not what you wanted.Gram of mania, animated pepper, shadow-monger dressed in panic, monitor of  ghostly footfalls, it concentrates in its essential tic the frog leg dropped into oil and the human shock at the verge. If  it would stop and let me look, I might imagine the tropic where it hangs in a hammock between two popsicle sticks admiring the iguana’s stealth, but it does not stop. Hawk- dodger, crow-pretzel, gallows’ twitch. Spider-shark. Porter of  readiness, miller of  the steady shudder, peripatetic rectitude, run by the power of   the sunlit rock, it fortifies Darwin and the idea of   being late and the missed appointment. With its blue tail, it reminds us: it will go on. It will not stop.He wore a little spiraled hat and wrote a song that everyone sang. He lived on the mountainside above a lake with a mythical beast he’d subdued. A train circled the village each hour, over and over, as he leaned down over the clock of   his world where people were days becoming months and years. In a park, from the hides of  ten cows, he’d constructed a  giant ball that everyone touched until it became a torn rag. He had no family, and because he worried so much about them: What if, what if, what if, like another beast pawing away, he’d invented a vitamin for everyone old that allowed you to continue slowly to grow until you forgot everything you once knew.On the news tonight, a presidential colonoscopy — a tale of   how for three whole hours the chief  exec of   trouble handed trouble to his vice (although no double trouble came), but then no more details revealed: no bacterial armies multiplying in a flare of  war among kingly polyps & no kinky creases. Welcome to the presidential gut, bubble gum pink, not a spot of  shit (after a quick administrative cleanout) where global decisions stir & sit in state, ;   and the first physician’s mighty pointer traces ;   only microdrops of   blood in secret places.I tracked it through the one mind of  the woods. Its hoofprints pressed in snow were smallish hearts. Buck fawn: he let me come so near, take aim. Crouched against a fir, I was anything. Bush, stump, doe in estrus he could rut. Not his maimer, though, not his final thought. He stared me down until I shot him: low. Then the forest forgot he’d ever been. Nascent, there were signs: bonechip, spoor, frail hair. But no memory, wounded, wants to die. He hid in the dark timber, twice crossed the creek. Finally he lay heaving out last breaths. Dusk-cast shadow, he died where he was made. A bite of  heart sustains but is not him.Here comes dawn and nothing rosy about her fingers — stove-flame blue and some hand must’ve turned the burner on: the little tongues licking, gradually, the teapot of  us aboil, cooking off a giardia of  stars, the dregs of our night- mares. Who will place his fingers in the nailmarks, come near enough to smell death in its hair? Already we’ve some of us slid back into our bodies, restirring the air our breaths stirred all night — whoever we are while we sleep — and gone about believing we are here. Ambulance sirens assure us, a plum’s sour skin, what’s become of  the poppies, dried all but greenless, etcetera. But the yearling child reaching into the lineaments of  sun lancing between his crib bars — how might this shame us, that they seem to seem graspable to him?It includes the butterfly and the rat, the shit  drying to chalk, trees  falling at an angle, taking those moist  and buried rootballs with them  into deadly air. But someone will  tell you the butterfly's the happy ending  of every dirge-singing worm, the rat  a river rat come up from a shimmering depth,  the shit passed purely into scat one can read  for a source, the creature that shadowed it one  longish minute. And trees, of course they  wanted to fall. It was their time or something  equally sonorous. And wind too knows its  mindless little whirlpool's not for nothing, not  nothing—that pitch and rage stopped. How else  does the sparrow's neck break.An inch from the curse and pearled by the evening heat ;  I shake my polo neck and a cool draught buffs my chest. What rises is my animal aroma ; ;   the scent of blue-ribbon stock ; the sort a starred chef would ladle from a zinc-bottomed pan    to soften  and savor the hock he has sawn  and roasted for the diners out front  who sip at shots of pastis and gnaw  around the pits of kalamata olives. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;My head sits in his fridge: stooping for herb butter, our eyes meet and he touches my cotton-cold face ; just as once I stroked your cheek in a dream you suffered in a room above the river.Lame again, I limp home along Lawn Terrace with a flowering sun star in a paper wrap then back to the village with a lame cat twisting and woeful in her cage. Bread these days isn't baked to last: how sad those posh loaves thudding off in pine breadbins all around the Heath: soulless latterday pets, frisky for a day   or two, then binned or thrown to foxes, loaves just an inch of gloom below the caged birds you notice in corners of those same mansions when you seek the past, dinking their mirrors, dipping once in a while for a sip of milk.All their songs are of one hour Before dawn, when the birds begin. I sing another. In helpless midday, at the hour Even sparrows have no heart to shrill Comes news . . . Suddenly, the unimaginable Needs imagination and finds none. Violet ocean only nothing. Smoke of thyme and of cedar, Ornate birds, nothing. Even a god who came here, Hearing a sweet voice,  Would find only old fires now, Brittle in the blackened trees.  She was mast and sail. She was A stillness pregnant with motion, Adorable to me as, all my life, I have hidden a cruel, secret ocean In sinews and in sleep and cowardice. She forgave me. Once, she wept for me. Our child died then, and she is with him.The rich men, they know about suffering That comes from natural things, the fate that Rich men say they can't control, the swell of   The tides, the erosion of polar caps And the eruption of a terrible Greed among those who cease to be content With what they lack when faced with wealth they are   Too ignorant to understand. Such wealth   Is the price of progress. The fishmonger   Sees the dread on the faces of the trout And mackerel laid out at the market   Stall on quickly melting ice. In Pompeii The lava flowed and buried the people So poems such as this could be born.The shift of sleepwalks and suicides. The occasion of owls and a demi-lune fog. Even God has nodded off And won't be taking prayers til ten. Ad interim, you put them on.  As if your wants could keep you warm. As if. You say your shibboleths. You thumb your beads. You scry the glass. Night creeps to its precipice And the broken rim of reason breaks Again. An obsidian sky betrays you. Every serrate shadow flays you. Soon enough, the crow will caw. The cock will crow. The door will close. (He isn't coming back, you know.) And so wee, wet hours of grief relent.  In thirty years you might forget Precisely how tonight's pain felt. And in whose black house you dwelt.How can it not be about engine, secret blaze behind the wheels? How not about this no-way-to-resist seeing  but one side or another  since the rails quite insist & iron's so right, always running off its own might.  How never about freightage or the outdoor face in the indoor light? A yesteryear's pall over the day at hand? Not about the passings-by of nailed-shut houses & grouse setting sail from a rusty swing?  How not me out of uniform,  out of a sleeper's berth, bare & barely rising  atop smoke & so little air left in the soft underbelly  that I may meet—nay, embrace— the hello-goodbye cloud.In memoriam Liam Rector    The little boy crying out Weenie Weenie in self-panicking delight, waving his little cock under the banner of the sun, seemed pure Blake, all anarchy and energy, an innocence unfrightened of itself that shook the lake's waters and unsettled the strained composures and appointed certainties of whatever Absolute Speaker had been ranting in my brain: Peace Through Strength Justice Must Be Ours— so many demon faces in the glass city. Each pubic triangle seemed, under the bathing suits, to grow electrical and crackle with a sexual shock that made me turn my face away: and who should be there but you, my dear Lord of Misrule, blowing smoke in all our faces, the clean bullet hole in your forehead above your self-ironic smile: Don't let the monkeys  stop typingNow it's time to play. Nobody says, like they used to, but in my bones the desire overwhelms me. "Write! Make a poem," say the bones. The inlet will come first. It always does. Water calls urgently, "egret." The waterbird that moves elastically over the surface making everything focus soon or late. Now my hand enters. It always does. It gives the bones reason to observe. It makes the egret the finest thing in sight and the water intelligent north of here. Water is genius because it is interconnected. Drop south knows drop north. But the bones will lose their joy if the bird overwhelms the old playground.Beyond is a brightness I am not equal to Yet what I see   Turns into what I want, And to bring nothing but this body To pass through The one thing between   Myself and what I crave, Almost done, the world a ruin   Of leaves, winter at the throat, My song over and over until   So familiar I can do What I am about to do While you who rise from the table And walk from room to room Will remember only the sound Of what cast herself through All that glass, instead of the song That was sung until finally You would ask to know more.Big Jack and his walking stick live on the ridge. Navajo orphan kids dance for him, bobcat urine’s in the weeds, the shotgun barrel's up his sleeve,   a Persian coin is on the wind.   The Chinese Mountains smell the moon and arch their backs. I tell him, Jack, there’s times I wish I was living in canvas France, the old west, a picture book, the Sea of Tranquility, or even in   the den near the hot spring. He says, kid, to hell with phantom limbs; spring is a verb, a wish is a wash, a walking stick   is a gottdam wing.I love him so, this creature I do pray was treated kindly. I will pay as much as pig-lovers see fit to guarantee him that. As for his fat,  I’d give up years yes years of my  own life for such a gulpable semblable.  (My life! Such as it is! This liberality of leaves! The world won’t need those seventeen more poems, after all, there being so few subjects to be treated. Three if by subject we mean anyone submitted to another’s will. Two if by subject we mean  topic. One if by death we wind up meaning love. And none if a subject  must entail the curlicue’s indulgence of itself.)Art was long. Paul was short. Art sang the song. Paul was the sort who made one up as if from air. Paul had more gift. Art had more hair— which isn’t to take away from Arts. Many sing well if someone starts, and it robs no Simon to get paid like Paul. Along was Art’s way to be singing at all. If Paul robbed some, it’s harder revealing. What stuck in his mind, he stuck to concealing so koo-koo-ka-choo would stick in our heads. It wasn’t Garfunkel, someone said Simon said when they parted acts. Debts one forgets. Acoustic is fraught with strings over frets, taken together, taken apart. Paul lifting from life.   Life lifting from Art.Just as in the horror movies when someone discovers that the phone calls are coming from inside the house so too, I realized  that our tender overlapping has been taking place only inside me. All that sweetness, the love and desire— it’s just been me dialing myself then following the ringing to another room to find no one on the line, well, sometimes a little breathing but more often than not, nothing. To think that all this time— which would include the boat rides, the airport embraces, and all the drinks— it’s been only me and the two telephones, the one on the wall in the kitchen and the extension in the darkened guest room upstairs.When History turns soldiers into battles, you turn them into grass. Bashō, Sweet, is it honorable? But for these men who died with grunts and clangs in their ears, for their horses with snapped legs, I haven’t got the art to make them into anything. I fold the grass in the shape   of a man, very literal, very primitive and leave it on   the field and say, “Forgive me valorous men for my ineptitude.”Just then, the little man falls down in the wind and—huh!—there is art. Each “Appleblossom” is a verse translation from the Japanese of a short selection from the notebooks of Chiri, Bashō’s traveling companion during the years between Withered Chestnuts and Travelogue of Weatherbeaten Bones.Difficult shacks of Kushiro, too far afield, at least theirs are not our roofless griefs even farther in the marshes that are huge buckets of green tea in the rainy season—you glisten as you go, Bashō,   wring out your sleeves. Frog keeps its knees in its armpits on plant flotilla   and Duck of all the birds is shaped most like a canoe. We were not built   for this and anyway, standing smack dab in no-man’s-land you can stop   and say, Here is a place made famous in poems. Aren’t you such a place? Each “Appleblossom” is a verse translation from the Japanese of a short selection from the notebooks of Chiri, Bashō’s traveling companion during the years between Withered Chestnuts and Travelogue of Weatherbeaten Bones.Clamber out of the morning river with water beads like fish eggs clung to your pubis the calluses on your buttocks from sitting, writing on flat rocks, your goose-pimpled thighs—the bumpy tongues of two dogs licking   each other—and river-slather and slather at the edge of my mouth. You are smiling, straining out your hair, flicking your hands, and then see me watching you with the cloth and pots I was taking to wash. Before I have time to be embarrassed, the smile lifts into your eyes. Each “Appleblossom” is a verse translation from the Japanese of a short selection from the notebooks of Chiri, Bashō’s traveling companion during the years between Withered Chestnuts and Travelogue of Weatherbeaten Bones.Bashō, with your grass pillow, what underground sounds come into your dreams? Do blue-horned beetles scratch against the starless night sky that lines your head with the starless night skies of their own domed backs? Do centipedes trickle through? Do worms burrow with their snouts, with their bodies that are entirely snouts? Snoozer, I can only ask you this because now you are dead asleep: Do I ever appear as a nightcrawler whispering in your ear? Are the words, “I love you,” as soft as the cough of a good luck cricket? Each “Appleblossom” is a verse translation from the Japanese of a short selection from the notebooks of Chiri, Bashō’s traveling companion during the years between Withered Chestnuts and Travelogue of Weatherbeaten Bones.Once there was a woman who laughed for years uncontrollably after a stroke. Once there was a child who woke after surgery to find his parents were impostors. These seagulls above the parking lot today, made of hurricane and ether, they have flown directly out of the brain wearing little blue-gray masks, like strangers' faces, full of wingéd mania, like television in waiting rooms. Entertainment. Pain. The rage of fruit trees in April, and your car, which I parked in a shadow before you died, decorated now with feathers,  and unrecognizable  with the windows unrolled  and the headlights on  and the engine still running  in the Parking Space of the Sun.The city humid, the church rusty and Baroque, and the directions appalling, the Miami sky turned gray as a blanket, and soon tropical rain was falling; the priest repeatedly invoked the Beast in View, as if he were stalling; and in the back a few ushers whipped out their cell phones and started calling. What of the palm scrub, through which mildewed creatures came crawling, or the two cousins from Chicago, who at the reception couldn't stop brawling? All weddings are madness, and except for the sherbet-hued bridesmaids not even a little enthralling. But the stooped and aged, what in their moth-eaten hours were they recalling? Some first nervous kiss, perhaps, the razor of a touch, and all that "Baby Doll"-ing; then the mortgage in Opa-Locka, nine months of waiting, and half a life of squalling.The world of visual poetry is known for its collaborations, and some visual poets create a large percentage of their works in this way. What is interesting about K.S. Ernst and Sheila E. Murphy's collaborations is how seamless they are, as if created from one intelligence, even though the poets come from different areas of major practice. Ernst is highly attuned to the world of the visual arts, producing works designed for gallery spaces. Murphy is an active textual poet and a more recent participant in visual poetry. In "Vortextique," the vortex before us is literal: a maelstrom of words that suggests the ultimate artificiality of linguistic signs, the ambiguity of speech, and the impossibility of absolutely accurate communication.—Geof Huth More About Visual Poetry >>Philip Gallo is a typographer-poet, or "typoet," and his work depends on the careful alignment of simple words for its effects. "untitled" makes reference to the concrete poetry of the middle of the twentieth century. Diter Rot, whose name serves as the central text of this poem, was famous for a number of rigid typographical poems, including one that played with the letters "t" and "u" to produce, in varying ways, the words "tu" (you) and "ut" ("do" on the musical scale). Gallo's poem also appears to allude to "ping pong" by Eugen Gomringer, another early concrete poet.—Geof Huth More About Visual Poetry >>Who kills my history knows   it is buried   in the same air ay breathe.   Only a hair is needed to keep you, mother.   Only a fit of bone.   Comfort, comfort, ay am my own.   Wanting simple, a sun like water, a flow and stir of air.   Warm stone, black-warm, dirt scent and bird.   Ay am put out to weather.   Animal eyed me here—heaving, breathing over—   felt by smell for me and loomed.   Air shifted my hair as it neared and sniffed   then left. Comfort, comfort me.   A thresh of sticks and vine, hand-carried   high—ay am my own weight carried by,   kind horse, kind mother, gone.Her e-mail inbox always overflows.   Her outbox doesn’t get much use at all.   She puts on hold the umpteen-billionth call   As music oozes forth to placate those   Who wait, then disconnect. Outside, wind blows,   Scything pale leaves. She sees a sparrow fall   Fluttering to a claw-catch on a wall.   Will He be in today? God only knows.   She hasn’t seen His face—He’s so aloof.   She’s long resigned He’ll never know or love her   But still can wish there were some call, some proof   That He requires a greater service of her.   Fingers of rain now drum upon the roof,   Coming from somewhere, somewhere far above her.The night’s turned everything to junipers  shagged & spooked with cerulean chalk-fruit,  weird berries whiffing of Martians in rut.  I forget this isn’t my universe  sometimes. Sometimes I think I was falling  most of my life to land here, a lone skirl  in the immaculate hush. In my world  I waltzed with my ink-self, my black shantung.  Owls swallow vowels in stilled trees. It’s not  sleeplessness, it’s fear of what the dark will  do if I don’t keep a close eye on it.  Blue minutes leak from the pricked stars’ prisms,  seep into the earth unchecked. Just as well—  I’ve hardly enough arms to gather them.The angels I love bicker over cod guts and snapper spines. They joust for flounder skulls and pick the bones clean, screaming. Their harsh, fine voices break across my town in a language lost to my kind, thoughtless in the clear now of now without death. Christ, walk down streets paved with rain to me and you drown in my choir, my angels beating prayer under wing which is the want I have not loved well. Where did my weather go? Meet me where my hidden weather went, where praise and rain are never spent. "Requiem" is from a sequence titled "Hard Weather Prayers."Words without much use now. Unable to remake the thing. And I thought what should I think— followed by: spring light looks like feathers. (Birds seemed conveniently decorous.) What then does this leave I asked & was surprised to know so quickly—that my understanding of what the light & birds could not be made to mean would not detract from them as they were. Bound by feathers (a thought, I will admit, born of artifice alone) they bore themselves aloft. What could I counter with? I, who held my heart in offering as much for show as for a fear so deep I found I couldn't name it.Eighteen-sixty eighteen sixty-four,   six hundred ten thousand men   gaseous gray, blackened body parts   like chopped wood in Virginia sunshine.   Or nineteen-fourteen nineteen-eighteen,   trench rats, thousands, big as badgers,   rip chines from horse and human flesh.   IED's, cluster bombs, punji sticks,   primed to shred feet, thighs, spine, sack,   yesterday, when we were countless. Conscience says Count them up and be good,   suck on me like red candy stick in casual lookaway moments.   Protected by neighbors, two girls   villagers know to be deficient   doll themselves up as bombs   for market day's chickens and yams, and like a world-body neural surge,   their protectors fly into fatty parts.You and your whole race. Look down upon the town in which you live And be ashamed. Look down upon white folks    And upon yourselves    And be ashamed That such supine poverty exists there, That such stupid ignorance breeds children there Behind such humble shelters of despair— That you yourselves have not the sense to care Nor the manhood to stand up and say I dare you to come one step nearer, evil world, With your hands of greed seeking to touch my throat, I dare you to come one step nearer me: ; ; ; ; ;When you can say that ; ; ; ; ;you will be free!Remember The days of bondage— And remembering— Do not stand still. Go to the highest hill And look down upon the town Where you are yet a slave. Look down upon any town in Carolina Or any town in Maine, for that matter, Or Africa, your homeland— And you will see what I mean for you to see— ; ;    The white hand: ; ;    The thieving hand. ; ;    The white face: ; ;    The lying face. ; ;    The white power: ; ;    The unscrupulous power That makes of you The hungry wretched thing you are today.Wearing a tawny lion pelt upon   My spindly shoulders I carry both of them,   My father and my mother, into the darkness,   My father hoarsely singing, “They are there!”   —The glimmer of something that is glimmering there—   “I see the glow of weapons in the shadows!”   Through which with my purblind eyes I think I see   Something in the darkness waiting there.   Above me in the dark my mother’s voice   Calls down to me, “Who’s there? Who is it there?”   Step after step together we make our way,   In the darkness of my memory of our house.He was touched or he touched or   she did and was, or they were   and would. Or the room could, its   three doors, two windows or   the house on a slant touching,   touched by the drift down street, cars   pressing quick or slowing. All along   the town touched a river, the river   the filth falling through it. What was clean—   a source pure as rumor—a shore   touching lake touched by wind above,   and below, a spring. All touch blindly further water. That blue touching   blacker regions in the sea so weirdly   solitary, each to under, to every   sideways past deeper, where nowhere.London returns in damp, fragmented flurries  when I should be doing something else. A scrap  of song, a pink scarf, and I’m back to curries  and pub food, long, wet walks without a map,  bouts of bronchitis, a case of the flu,  my halfhearted studies, and brooding thoughts  and scanning faces in every bar for you.  Those months come down to moments or small plots,  like the bum on the Tube, enraged that no one spoke,  who raved and spat, the whole car thick with dread,  only to ask, won’t someone tell a joke?  and this mouse of a woman offered, What’s big and red  and sits in the corner? ; ; ; ; ; ;  A naughty bus.We were sitting there, and   I made a joke about how   it doesn’t dovetail: time,   one minute running out   faster than the one in front   it catches up to.   That way, I said,   there can be no waste.   Waste is virtually eliminated.   To come back for a few hours to   the present subject, a painting,   looking like it was seen,   half turning around, slightly apprehensive,   but it has to pay attention   to what’s up ahead: a vision.   Therefore poetry dissolves in   brilliant moisture and reads us   to us.   A faint notion. Too many words,   but precious.The ribbed black of the umbrella   is an argument for the existence of God,   that little shelter   we carry with us   and may forget   beside a chair   in a committee meeting   we did not especially want to attend.   What a beautiful word, umbrella.   A shade to be opened.   Like a bat’s wing, scalloped.   It shivers.   A drum head   beaten by the silver sticks   of rain   and I do not have mine   and so the rain showers me.I was the lonely one in whom   they swarmed in the millions.   I was their creature and I   was grateful. I could sleep   when I wanted.   I lived a divided   existence in sleepdreams   that lit up a silence as dreadful   as that of the moon. I have   an overly-precise recall of   those solitary years before   I opened the curtain and drew   upon a universe of want that made   me so strong I could crack   spines of books with one hand.The humble sense of being alive   under the towering sun   fills the nectary and ripens apricots   down to the last one,   if Mnemosyne wakens from apathy   each moment. It is the soft burly sound   of a bee tumbled in fritillary,   is it not?   But if memory, as if to illustrate   the mind was not yours to have,   the mind was not given,   fails us, leaving us in our underpants   in the garden, should we not   hate the garden,   or the woman whose garden   it is? And sunlight. Thunder.   Rain. Hardened in heart against   what earth compels and seizes,   goddamning, goddamned rain.Poor muse, north wind, or any god   who blusters bleak across the lake   and sows the earth earth-deep with ice.   A hoar of fur stung across the vines:   here the leaves in full flush, here   abandoned to four and farther winds.   Bless us, any god who crabs the apples   and seeds the leaf and needle evergreen.   What whispered catastrophe, winter.   What a long night, beyond the lamplight,   the windows and the frost-ferned glass.   Bless the traveler and the hearth he travels to.   Bless our rough hands, wind-scabbed lips,   bless this our miscreant psalm.Who wielded the chisel   at the left portal,   south porch, the scene   of Theo chained,   naked to the waist, leaning in   to the brutal hand   of what looks to be   an even younger boy?   What man carved stone   to mimic flesh   as it would look inside   the torture of its flensing?   How he must have held   the scene in his own   mind, thought it back   to the act itself,   modeling the lines   with his own limbs   so he would know   both how a body   bends in pain, and how   a hand extends the flayer’s rake.The soil I’m walking over comes    from deeper: a fire had done it in,    a stewpot had suddenly popped    and its contents streamed    out wave over wave until    it reached the water, until the sea    called it a day and struck back    with a counterwave. Stony nightblack    dreambarren land where tawny    thyme wrestles up and thistle is stitched    to every bare thing. Over this malevolence    I carry you in me,    sevenmonths deadchild, out to the seaSo many gods!   They’re like books—you can’t read everything, you never know anything.   Happy the man who knows but one god, and keeps him a secret.   Every day I have different beliefs— Sometimes in the same day I have different beliefs— And I wish I were the child now crossing   The view from my window of the street below.   He’s eating a cheap pastry (he’s poor) without efficient or final cause,   An animal uselessly raised above the other vertebrates,   And through his teeth he sings a ribald show tune . . .   Yes, there are many gods,   But I’d give anything to the one who’d take that child out of my sight.    March 9, 1930Protruding, rebelling against the lips,    the long, pointed, ill-fated fang stared at me,    (in spite of awkward attempts to hide it).    Stealing adolescent glances,    I dreamed it pierced me, pushing deep in the base of my neck.    I bit my lower lip, flushed,    but not before blushing under its spell.    Yesterday,    Yesterday when he smiled at me, with teeth in perfect alignment ; ;    (dentistry can work miracles),    I turned my apostate face,    and squinting, pretended to watch passersby. ;Like the stamen inside a flower    
The steeple stands in lovely blue    
And the day unfolds around its needle;    
The flock of swallows that circles the steeple    
Flies there each day through the same blue air    
That carries their cries from me to you;    
We know how high the sun is now    
As long as the roof of the steeple glows,    
The roof that’s covered with sheets of tin;    
Up there in the wind, where the wind is not    
Turning the vane of the weathercock,    
The weathercock silently crows in the wind.Tonight, away begins to go farther away, and the dream what do we know of the dream metallic leaps Jackson Pollock silvery streams Jackson Pollock I gaze across the sea see in the distance your walk and you pass the Pacific, distant and blue phallus and Moloch pace my view on into otherness on into otherness? are we in the world after or before are we or are we not magnetic force it is apparently me you inform: genesis woman dream that begins tonight to go farther away tonight to reach farther away metallic leaps Jackson Pollock silvery streams Jackson Pollock on across the blue seaDon’t forget this: Men who live in this time remember the price of each bottle of vodka. Sunlight on the canal outside the train-station. With the neighbor’s ladder, my brother Tony “Mosquito” and I climb the poplar in the public garden with one and a half bottles of vodka and we drink there all night. Sunlight on a young girl’s face, asleep on the church steps. Tony recites poems, forgets I cannot hear. I watch the sunlight in the rearview mirror of trolleys as they pass. Don’t forget this. There sat in the poplar two brothers, the barber and podiatrist, in love with the same woman. They drank there and recited each poem they knew. Not a soul noticed: notasoul.Through Vasenka: a herd of boys runs. With their icy hands they haul a policeman and for an apple a look they display the man on the asphalt. Snow falls in his nostrils. I watch him. They circle his eyes with a red pencil. They teach his neighbors to spit in two red holes. I watch the snowflakes melt in their hair. The neighbor aims in the red circle, spits. I stand on a park bench and chew snow. Boys walk west of Tedna, carrying snowflakes in their hair. A neighbor aims in the hole, spits. Walking by night with their arms lifted up from their bodies. As if they were about to leave the earth. And were trying out the wind.Each man has a quiet that revolvesaround him as he beats his head against the earth. But I am laughinghard and furious. I pour a glass of pepper vodkaand toast the gray wall. I say we werenever silent. We read each other’s lips and saidone word four times. And laughed four timesin loving repetition. We read each other’s lips to uncoverthe poverty of laughter. Touch the asphalt with fingers to hear the cool earth of VasenkaDeposit ears into the raindrops on a fisherman’s tobacco hair.And whoever listens to me: beingthere, and not being, lost and foundand lost again: Thank you for the feather on my tongue,thank you for our argument that ends,thank you for my deafness, Lord, such firefrom a match you never lit.Mauve mist-shadow cloaks the sky’sRiver-blurred, inchoate border.Dawn’s old story; and light tries—Not the last time—to devise ; ; Lasting order;From ﬁrst principles assignsLaws to frame day’s jurisdiction;Drawing contours, shapes, and linesFrom the nebula, it shines, ; ; Strange as ﬁction.Such designs, though, won’t appearIn the plans of a committee.Look. The moon’s pale-copper sphereRings—a gong too faint to hear— ; ; Through the city.Let them linger, unawake.Down the mountain’s wrinkled brillianceDarkness empties like a lake.Minted gold, house windows make ; ; Coins worth millions.Both in disbelief and prideAll the buildings in the distanceOn the river’s farther sideTake up, as the shadows slide, ; ; New existence.Shadow slides along the roof,Past the guttering and gable,Shrinks, and leaves the house aloofWhere the light reads out its proof ; ; Like a fable.The night you died, I dreamed you came to campto hear confession from an Eagle Scouttortured by forty years of sin and doubt.You whispered vespers by a hissing lamp.Handlers, allowing you to hike with me,followed us to the Bad Axe waterfrontdown a ﬁrebreak this camper used to hunt.Through all I said you suffered silently.I blamed the authors of my unbelief:St. Paul, who would have deemed my love obscene,the Jesuit who raped me as a teen,the altar boy when I was six, the griefof a child chucked from Eden, left for deadby Peter’s Church and all the choirs above.In a thick Polish accent choked with love,He found it strange at ﬁrst. A new dimension.  One he had never guessed. The fourth? The ﬁfth? How could he tell, who’d only known the third?Something to do with eyesight, depth of ﬁeld.Perspective quite beyond him. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. The vanishing point they’d tried to teach at school was out of sightand out of mind. A blank.Now, this diaphanous dimension—onewith neither up nor down, nor east nor west,nor orienting star to give him north.Even his name had left him. Strayed like a dog. Yet he was bathed in some unearthly light,a delicate no-color that made his ﬂeshtransparent, see-through, a Saran-Wrap self.His body without substance and his mindwith nothing to think about—although intact—was totally minus purpose. He mustUse meAbuse me ; ;Turn wheels of ﬁre ; ;on manhole hotheadsSing meSour me ; ;Secrete dark matter’s sheen ; ;on our smarting skinRise and shineIn puddle shallows ; ;under every Meryl Cheryl Caleb Syd ; ;somnambulists and sleepyheadsWake usSpeak to us ; ;Bless what you’ve nurtured in your pits ; ;the rats voles roaches and all outlivers ; ;of your obscene ethic and politicsCrawl on us Fall on us ; ;you elevations that break and vein ; ;down to sulfuric ﬁber-optic wrecks ; ;  through drill-bit dirt to bedrockBeat our browsFlee our sorrows ; ;Sleep tight with your ultraviolets ; ;righteous mica and drainage seeps ; ; ; ; ; ; your gorgeous color-chart container ships ; ; ; ; ; ; and cab-top numbers squinting in the mistThey were driving into the mountains, suddenly married,sometimes touching each other’s cheek with a ﬁngernailgingerly: the radio played ecstatic static: certain roadsmarked with blue enamel numbers led to cloud banks,or basalt screes, or dim hotels with padlocked verandas.Sometimes they quarreled, sometimes they grew old,the wind was constant in their eyes, it was their own wind,they made it. Small towns ﬂew past, Rodez, Albi,limestone quarries, pear orchards, children racingafter hoops, wobbling when their shadows wavered,infants crying for ﬁne rain, old women on stoopsdarning gray veils—and who were we, watching?Doubles, ghosts, the ones who would tell of the ﬁeldwhere they pulled over, bluish tinge of the elms, steepnessof the other’s eyes, glowworm hidden in its own glint,how the rain was twilight and now is darkness.Grandma laughing on her deathbed.Eternity, the quiet one, listening in.Like moths around an oil lamp we were.Like ragdolls tucked away in the attic.In walked a cat with a mouthful of feathers.(How about that?)A dark little country store full of gravedigger’s ;   children buying candy. (That’s how we looked that night.) The young men pumping gas spoke of his friends: ;the clouds.It was such a sad story, it made everyone laugh.A bird called out of a tree, but received no answer.The beauty of that last momentLike a red sail on the bay at sunset,Or like a wheel breaking off a carAnd roaming the world on its own.After Erik Satie    For an hour I forgot my fat self, my neurotic innards, my addiction to alignment.For an hour I forgot my fear of rain.For an hour I was a salamandershimmying through the kelp in search of shore,and under his fingers the notes slid loosefrom my belly in a long jellyrope of eggsthat took root in the mud. And whatwould hatch, I did not know—a lie. A waltz. An apostle of glass.For an hour I stood on two legs and ran. For an hour I panted and galloped.For an hour I was a maple tree,and under the summer of his fingers the notes seeded and winged awayHow much soil do you plow to soothe a conscience?If you’re a staked plains, dry-land, long view man:a sky’s worth. Some even sow the dry playamid-summer with sorghum, the cotton plowed underafter early hail. Thus, not every farmer keepsan old broken homestead sacred as a graveyard. Today, no Sharpshin on a pivot for an omen,no stoic farmer on a turn-row changing water.Among a little wind grit, in a grid on a grid, somewhere like the crossroads of outer space and Earth, Texas, a handful of ragged elms withstand a long swayof heat and wind. These old guards of a home haunt the field but wither even as ghosts must. Honor themwith a walk among homesick bricks, and prophesy good.At forty-eight, to be given water,which is most of the world, given lifein water, which is most of me, given ease,which is most of what I lack, here, where walls don’t part to my hands, is to be born as of three weeks ago. Taking nothing from you, mother, or you, sky, or you, mountain, that you wouldn’t take if offered by the sea, any sea, or river, any river, or the pool, beside which a woman sits who would save me if I needed saving, in a red suit, as if flame is the color of emergency, as I do, need saving, from solid things, most of all, their dissolve.During Napoleon iii’s coup d’état one of  his officers, Count de Saint-Arnaud, on being informed that a mob was approaching the Imperial Guard, coughed and exclaimed, with his hand across his throat, “Ma sacrée toux! (my damned cough).” But his lieutenant, understanding him to say “Massacrez tous! (massacre them all),” gave the order to fire, killing thousands—needlessly. ; ; ; ;—Guy Murchie    “He was mortared to death.” A pity, how we misspeak and mishear. —Or “martyred”? Not that/coin-flip/either makes a difference to the increasingly cooler downtick of a corpse’s cells. “We heard the crazy mating joy of the loon across the water.” Yes, but what doThe Swiss just do whateverlike masturbating their doink-doinksdeep in rural Francein the shadow of Mont Blanc.Heavy, dependableand prepared for whateverthe Swiss vago-simulacrum recognizesas larderKing Hussein and President Fabio,always just about to touch each otheron their devolved sparkle-offsand Neil Patrick Harris appreciation pages.Everyone knows when these bizzarre Swiss comeththey cometh with fluffy Beatles-likesix packs of shit-covered reindeerknock-knocking like a bummer.Glitter is the Swiss Army knifeof the most bedazzlingly ridiculousemotions: the part just beforethe paranoid cheese-maker says,“Whatever you do in Palm Springs,don’t yodel”—a most unusual Swiss Missmixture of very early skunk and the roboticsadness of women’s moldheavy, greasy, dense and low, likelethargic sea-green gardenswith a buzz overpowering, likemodern outdoor inbreeding.From "Shorter Chaucer Tales" (2006)    The great labour of appearanceServed the making of the pyre. But how Nor howHow alsoHow theyShal nat be tooldShall not be told.Nor how the godsNor how the beestes and the birds Nor how the ground agastNor how the fire First with strawAnd then with drye And then with grene And then with goldAnd thenNow how a site is laid like this.Nor whatNor howNor howNor what she spak nor what was her desirNor what jewelsWhen the fireNor how some threw their And some their And their And cups full of wine and milk And bloodInto the fyrInto the fire.Nor how three times And three times withAnd three times how.If thy own hand . . . offend thee ; —Matthew 18:8    Self-hatred? No, no dear: that seems inflated—chagrin: the shame you feel when friends withdrawfor reasons they leave tactfully unstated,leaving you to guess at your faux pasFrom all you did and didn’t say for ages,as in some vast congressional report,your sin, at last, is lost among the pages;a snow of detail cuts inquiry short.In downtown windows where late sunlight glares,you see yourself, as if you’d never met.Who is this rumpled lookalike who wearsa blouse like yours, the armpits dark with sweat?Your eighth grade diary still makes you cringesaved—for what?—that you might now despisepages time has lent a jaundiced tingepouring forth their daisy-dottedFor Russ    I’ll tell you, if you really want to know:remember that day you lost two years agoat the rockpool where you sat and played the jewelerwith all those stones you’d stolen from the shore?Most of them went dark and nothing more,but sometimes one would blink the secret colorit had locked up somewhere in its stony sleep.This is how you knew the ones to keep.So I collect the dull things of the dayin which I see some possibilitybut which are dead and which have the surpriseI don’t know, and I’ve no pool to help me tell—so I look at them and look at them untilone thing makes a mirror in my eyesthen I paint it with the tear to make it bright.This is why I sit up through the night.I think of the man who satbehind my grandmother’s sisterin church and told herthe percentage of Indian in her blood, calling it outover the white pews.I wonder what madehim want to count it like coins or a grade.I wish I could hear himnow when I think of hersaying that all the Wampanoag bloodin her body wouldfit in one finger,discounting the percentageit seemed, but why was she such a historian, tracingthe genealogy of the lastWampanoag up to her ownchildren, typing it all on see-throughpaper? Maybe like meshe felt a little self-consciouscaring about whatwe’re made of instead of simply beingsatisfied dressingour bodies and drivingthem around. Maybe she felt shyfor loving someoneshe’d never met, I meanI do. I think of the knife cutting into flesh and the fork carrying itA grainy predawn dark, early Expressway traffic bleeding arterial tail lights across gray water and its blue heart. Under Lemon Hill, grunts from Boathouse Row, woodshop clunks, young men’s voices too loud for a day exhaling into starless skies, bad boysafter keg night, hungover, push long scullsinto the water and slice its marcelled run, a marbled peacock wake behind each strokeand coxswain counting that muscled steadinesspast the Water Works, Spring Garden Street Bridgethen Girard Avenue Bridge, where on the bankEakins sketches Max Schmitt in a single scull,his light like this, tinfoil blue, where the crews sweat offlast night’s lost time but won’t row too far north to river canals, Manayunk Reach, its towpath,mules and barges and anthracite from Point Carbon to feed stoves and Bessemers in Harrisburg, PittsburghFrosty, green through gray rising steeply,top of the bank a big top, red with a sign,misty, fantastical on the walk to school.“My sister can’t express herself properly. Imagine if those performerswere stuck in their caravansforever. If round the back of the big topthe doors were locked. That’s her.She’s a trapeze artist, lion tamer,cramped clean-faced clowndrinking tea, practicing tricks,movement through frosted windows.Language is her caravan on bricks,with tiny little windows in.”At the weekend he and his sisterstood on the frosty bankbeside his metaphor. She read the postercarefully, got them sat down in good time and at the back.The trapeze artist, lion tamer, freshly-made-up clownfilled the top with a noise he could go on translating forever.Walking home she opened her chest:“I liked the mime best.”An old man with a new hat is running out of pride. I want to tell the truth but I don’t know how. The wind is our best pen and it blows poetry out of the water. I wait for days and weeks to enter a feeling that’s had years to leave. The ocean keeps throwing questions it has all the answers to. A candle lights a room and dims the stars. When all that consoled consoles no longer loneliness finds a room inside the one it knows. I am shrinking from the light and turning into space. An old man with a new hat wears his smile in the dark.I was just getting to that.But first, old age.If you could just let me finish.Once it was I who rudelyinterrupted proceedings: the chair rapped& called to order, but I seized from pendingapproval the minutes & ran off with the handsome mustachioed night watch. Matching wits we wound upjangling on a motelbureau in simultaneous alarm & ran down together to silence,Bide-a-Wee’s appointedguest in his sleep deceasedso far from home he didn’t knowa soul. A what? We heard  Gideons rustling in the drawer,& as we rifled the fellow’s bags before we fled, & fled, his time flew too,from his cuffs & collars flapping ahead.Nothing has changed. They have a welcome sign,a hill with cows and a white house on top,a mall and grocery store where people shop,a diner where some people go to dine.It is the same no matter where you go,and downtown you will find no big surprises.Each fall the dew point falls until it rises.White snow, green buds, green lawn, red leaves, white snow.This is all right. This is their hope. And yet, though what you see is never what you get,it does feel somehow changed from what it was.Is it the people? Houses? Fields? The weather?Is it the streets? Is it these things together?Nothing here ever changes, till it does.There is something men and women living in housesDon’t understand. The old alchemists standingNear their stoves hinted at it a thousand times.Ravens at night hide in an old woman’s shoe.A four-year-old speaks some ancient language.We have lived our own death a thousand times.Each sentence we speak to friends means the oppositeAs well. Each time we say, “I trust in God,” it meansGod has already abandoned us a thousand times.Mothers again and again have knelt in churchIn wartime asking God to protect their sons,And their prayers were refused a thousand times.The baby loon follows the mother’s sleekBody for months. By the end of summer, sheHas dipped her head into Rainy Lake a thousand times.Robert, you’ve wasted so much of your lifeSitting indoors to write poems. Would youDo that again? I would, a thousand times.How is it that you hold such influence over me:your practiced slouch, your porkpie hat at rakish angle,commending the dumpling-shaped lump atop your pelvis—as if we’ve one more thing to consider amidst the striptease of all your stanzas and all your lines—draws me down into the center of you: the prize peony,so that I’m nothing more than an ant whose singular laboris to gather the beading liquid inside you; bring it to light.I have never written a true poem, it seems. Snatchesof my salacious dreams, sandwiched together all afternoon at my desk, awaiting the dark visitation of The Word.When you arrive, unfasten your notebook, and recite,I am only a schoolboy with a schoolboy’s hard mind.You are the headmaster. Now you must master me.I can only give you back what you imagine.I am a soulless man. When I take you into my mouth, it is not my mouth. It isan unlit pit, an aperture opened just enoughin the pinhole camera to capture the shade.I have caused you to rise up to me, and Ihave watched as you rose and waned.Our times together have been innumerable. Still,like a Capistrano swallow, you come back.You understand: I understand you. Understandeach jiggle and tug. Your pudgy, mercurial wad.I am simply a hand inexhaustible as yours could never be. You’re nevertheless prepared to shoot.If I could I’d finish you. Be more than just your rag.For A.J. Verdelle    Those mornings I traveled north on I91,passing below the basalt cliff of East Rockwhere the elms discussed their genealogies.I was a chaplain at Hartford Hospital,took the Myers-Briggs with Sister Margaret,learned I was an I drawn to Es.In small group I said, “I do not like it—the way so many young black men die hereunrecognized, their gurneys stripped,their belongings catalogued and unclaimed.”On the neonatal ICU, newborns breathed,blue, spider-delicate in a nest of tubes.A Sunday of themselves, their tissue purpled,their eyelids the film on old water in a well,their faces resigned in their see-through attics,their skin mottled mildewed wallpaper.It is correct to love even at the wrong time.On rounds, the newborns eyed me, each one like Orpheus in his dark hallway, saying:I knew I would find you, I knew I would lose you.one lies in rags on the street and his stomach is empty and he wishes for death one sits with friends at tea and backgammon and his mind is empty and he wishes for death one sits in a straight-backed chair at a desk and his bank account is empty and he wishes for death one lies in bed staring out to sea and the place next to him in bed is empty and he wishes for death one flies back with food in its beak and its nest is empty and only this one says we should give it another tryOne spring day I saw the shadow of a strawberry tree lying on the moor like a shy lamb asleep. Its heart was far away, suspended in the sky, brown in a brown veil, in the sun’s eye. The shadow played in the wind, moving there alone to make the tree content. Here and there it shone. It knew no pain, no haste, wanting only to feel morning, then noon, then the slow-paced journey of evening. Among all the shadows always joining eternal shadow, shrouding the earth in falseness, I loved this steady shadow. And thus, at times, it descends among us, this meek semblance, and lies down, as if drained, in grass and in patience.And then at night, when old, we start having vague pointless scraps of dreams that lead us to this place or that, since even our failing senses insist on outings: and lost friends reappear, sleepwalking through the stupor of surrendered existence. But here too there’s something that’s not unconscious, as when the boatman stops his old ferry along the banks of the Arno, plunges his wooden bailer into the bottom of the boat, and dumps that stale water, gone to grime between the staves, overboard into the river, where it flows again, though the boat is held fast amid the mud and rushes.Looking back, it’s something I’ve always had:As a kid, it was a glass-floored elevatorI crouched at the bottom of, my eyes squinched tight,Or staircase whose gaps I was afraid I’d slip through,Though someone always said I’d be all right—Just don’t look down or See, it’s not so bad(The nothing rising underfoot). Then laterThe high-dive at the pool, the tree-house perch,Ferris wheels, balconies, cliffs, a penthouse view,The merest thought of airplanes. You can callIt a fear of heights, a horror of the deep;But it isn’t the unfathomable fallThat makes me giddy, makes my stomach lurch,It’s that the ledge itself invents the leap.Fairy tales are full of impossible tasks:Gather the chin hairs of a man-eating goat,Or cross a sulphuric lake in a leaky boat,Select the prince from a row of identical masks,Tiptoe up to a dragon where it basksAnd snatch its bone; count dust specks, mote by mote,Or learn the phone directory by rote.Always it’s impossible what someone asks—You have to fight magic with magic. You have to believeThat you have something impossible up your sleeve,The language of snakes, perhaps, an invisible cloak,An army of ants at your beck, or a lethal joke,The will to do whatever must be done:Marry a monster. Hand over your firstborn son.In beauty-bright and such it was like Blake’s lily and though an angel he looked absurddragging a lily out of a beauty-bright storewrapped in tissue with a petal drooping,nor was it useless—you who know it knowhow useful it is—and how he would be deadin a minute if he were to lose it thoughhow do you lose a lily? His lily was whiteand he had a foolish smile there holding it up likea candelabrum in his right hand facing the mirror in the hall nor had the endlesscenturies started yet nor was there one thornbetween his small house and the beauty-bright store.How dumb he was to wipe the blood from his eyewhere he was sucker-punched and stagger outonto the Plaza blind. He had been waitingall night for the acorn moon and eating pineappletopping over his ice cream and arguingeither physics or philosophy. He thinks,at this late date, it was the cave againthrowing a shadow, although it may have beenonly some way of reconciling the two oblivious worlds, which was his mission anyhow—if only there was a second moon. He had a kind of beard and though he could practically liftthe front end of a car and was alreadyreading Blake, he had never yet tasted honey.Eugene, OR    Girl shouting Oliver! at the top of the cut-throughby Jacob’s Gallery, you have now enteredthe slenderest of histories, the skin-bound bookI store between my temples; in that meanand moonless city, you must hang fraughtin your too-long coat, not a winner, but placed,and in this cutty version of forever, forevercalling on your unseen beau, one flake ina limbic blizzard, one spark in the synaptic blaze.And now the rain turns, light but going steadyon the Willamette. Along the bank, I lift my pacefrom devil-may-have-me to heading-somewhere and still your mouth in the haze calling isa ruby carbuncle woken by a miner’s head-beam,the reddest berry in the hedgerow, which allbut the bird in the fable know not to pluck.It’s a beautiful world, you said,with these trees, marshes, deserts,grasses, rivers and seasand so on. And the moon is really somethingin its circuits of relative radiance. Includethe wingèd M, voluptuous Venus, hotheaded Mars, that lucky devilJ and cranky Saturn, of course, plusU and N and the wanderer P, in short the whole solar family, complete with its Milky Way, and count up all the othersystems with dots and spots and inthat endless emptiness what you’ve got is a commotion of you-know-what. It’s a beautifuluniverse, you said, just take a good lookthrough the desert’s dark glasses for instance or on your backin seas of grass, take a good lookat the deluge of that Rorschach—we’re standing out theresomewhere, together.I would consider ; ; re-heating the tweezersif I had the chance, ; ; because, as ducks sayin Ghana, “broccoli ; ;  reversal gets priority.”I would consider ; ; re-heating the tweezersif Tu Fu and Cleopatra ; ; had a son named Sel.I have the chance, ; ;  because, as ducks ask,“who was generated ; ; in Old Ironsides, AK?”In Ghana, broccoli ; ; reversal gets priorityand grows up to be ; ; a pie dish dismisser.Tu Fu and Cleopatra ; ; had a son named Selwho was generated ; ;  in Old Ironsides, AK.He grew up to be ; ; a pie dish dismisser.A narrow girl sells purses made of reed.Dead rabbits hang by feet, their red eyes dull, while chickens crammed in cages peck their seed.A vessel in Juan’s brain begins to bleed,spreading into the fissures of his skull.A narrow girl sells purses made of reed.The madams in the district underfeedhookers they line up for a spectaclewhile chickens crammed in cages peck their seed.A vendor buys his wares, then smokes some weed;he seldom deems police an obstacle.A narrow girl sells purses made of reed.Redeemers tend the poor, avoiding greedand never gesture for a miraclewhile chickens crammed in cages peck their seed.This is the life they know and that they need,the common life that no one can annul.A narrow girl sells purses made of reedwhile chickens crammed in cages peck their seed.Almost drollin its assault on magisterial,my father’s funeralsermon made me prowl,—agitated—from bean casseroleto escarolesalad, then taco casserole,and back all afternoon, in thrallto Dad’s every growl,cramped certitude, and corporalwavering lost to shrillsacralcant: The pastoralstory was Dad’s own, though, frailas it is: faith and God steamrolldeath. His wife’s and daughter’s rolewas to die—a trialof faith, not cruelso much as natural,when the supernaturalis, as it was for him, literal.His cloistralwithdrawal, according to the minister’s drawl,was grace, and his temporalforfeitures fat collateralon eternity. It felt surreal(can there be a funeralwithout, now, the word surreal?)to hear Dad’s stoic controland loneliness spiralheavenward on genial praise, realenough for the general,one supposes. An orchestralhymn flared through the stereo’s cloth grill.Cold waves over the deep water roll,we sang, some voices shrill,mine guttural,my brother’s slow as a crawl—our voices one and several,a visceral,not unmagisterial,chorale.Lichen glows in the moonlightso fierce only cloud blockingthe moon brings relief. Then passed by,recharged it leaps up off rocksand suffocates—there is no routethrough rocks without having to confrontits beseeching—it lights the way,not the moon, and outdoes epithetslike phosphorescent, fluorescent, or florescent:it smirks and smiles and lifts the cornerof its lips in hideous or blissful collusion,and birds pipe an eternal dawn, never knowing when to sleep or wake. They might be tricked into thinking their time’s up,in the spectrum of lichen, its extra-gravitalpersuasion, its crackling movementremembered as still, indifferent, barelyliving under the sun, or on a dark night;climbing up you’d escape, but like all greatmolecular weights it leaves tracesyou carry with you into the realms ; ; of comfort and faith.Art thou not from everlasting, ;  O Lord my God, my Holy One? ; ;   We shall not die.    The rock lives in the desert, solid, taking its time.The wave lives for an instant, stable in momentumat the edge of the sea, before it folds away.Everything that is, lives and has size.The mole sleeps in a hole of its making, and the hole also lives; absence is not nothing.It didn’t desire to be, but now it breathesand makes a place, for the comfort of the mole.I am a space taken, and my absence will be shapelyand of a certain age, in the everlasting.In the fierce evening, on the mild day,How long shall I be shaken?(Habakkuk)Sometimes in time’s nearunassailable sangfroid there isa thawing& the memoryasserts its musicality againreminds one that it is at heartheart’s artificer ; ; ; ;* ;* ;*Somewhere in Okinawa there are stairs“My husband is the onlyconstant in”are concrete stairs that lead one(or at least led me, age six)near straight from top to bottom of a cliff face& they ended in a black-sand beach ; ; ; ;  “the onlyconstant in my life.When I was young I would have thoughtI would regret it, to have wrappedmyself up like a caterpillarin a man—but if my name, like his,is Vogelsang, then I must half recedewith himA current like a noise machine through sleep.Blue lichen fields. Mossed boulders. Waking upto ice cubes cracking in a plastic cupand voices (“awesome for the Hong Kong branch. . . well, most of all we miss our daughter . . . ”) I stillsee it: the climb up slate as runnels spillfrom some bare misted summit like a source.Whatever sense this dream might maketo others. And whatever when they wakethey also have been dreaming. Rivers of facesdown hallways, merging, as desires meshand fissure. Cash for clothes or arms or flesh.And if there is no towering sublimewhere all comes clear to all, no final climbthrough cloud, like some old Bible illustration:how could that ever stop the current flowingout of the glass at jfk: skin glowingplumb and peach as we walk inside the sun.The cat wants to be a strong thing—a hand, a tree. The girl wants to be a pirate, in a tree. The tree wants to be the pond with its face of shining. The pond wants to be the sun who dumps its sugar on the grass. The grass wants to be the foot, its sole, its heel. The foot wants to be the brain who always gets to choose. The brain wants to be the feet dumb in their shoes.The shoe wants to be the buckle that the girl shines with a cloth. The buckle wants to be the magpie lifting what shines. The magpie wants to be the egg in the nest touching its brother. The egg wants to be the feather. The feather wants to be the mite, devouring its plume.This is my past where no one knows me.These are my friends whom I can’t name—Here in a field where no one chose me,The faces older, the voices the same.Why does this stranger rise to greet me?What is the joke that makes him smile,As he calls the children together to meet me,Bringing them forward in single file?I nod pretending to recognize them,Not knowing exactly what I should say.Why does my presence seem to surprise them?Who is the woman who turns away?Is this my home or an illusion?The bread on the table smells achingly real.Must I at last solve my confusion,Or is confusion all I can feel?Days you are sick, we get dressed slow, find our hats, and ride the train.We pass a junkyard and the bay,then a dark tunnel, then a dark tunnel.You lose your hat. I find it. The trainsighs open at Burlingame,past dark tons of scrap and water.I carry you down the black steps.Burlingame is the size of joy:a race past bakeries, gold ringsin open black cases. I don’t carewho sees my crooked smileor what erases it, past the bakery,when you tire. We ride the blades againbeside the crooked bay. You smile.I hold you like a hole holds light. We wear our hats and ride the knives.They cannot fix you. They try and try.Tunnel! Into the dark open we go.Days you are sick, we get dressed slow.The lift, the very lift and pull of it!They’d wasted the summer morning,father and son in the devil’sbreath of July—gnats wheelingmadly above the drive—pasting Sunday comics across the struts, like the canvas skinof a Sopwith Camel. Into the close-gnawn yardwith its humpback boulder, they dragged it triumphantly, unreeling the twineuntil the contraption yanked itselffrom bald earth, high abovethe matchbox houses on the vergeof woods and the sweet-smelling bog,to a height where a boy might peer over the horizonto Boston—and beyond, the ocean.The son was my father. I tottered at his legs, having borrowed his name and my grandfather’s.They payed out the ramshackle affair until it became a postage stamp. The lineburned a bloody groove into my palms,the last time they stood at ease with each other.As a boy I bicycled the blockw/a brown mop top fallinginto a tail bleached blond,gold-like under golden light,like colors of Noble Knights’banging on corners, unconcernedw/the colors I bore—a shortytoo small to war with, too brownto be down for the block.White Knights became brownKings still showing black & gold on corners now crowned, the block a branch brandedw/la corona graffitied ongarage doors by the pawns.As a teen, I could’ve beamed the crown, walked in w/out the beat down custom, warred w/my cousin who claimed Two-Six, the set on the next blockdecked in black & beige.But I preferred games to gangs,books to crooks wearing hatscrooked to the left or rightfighting for a plot, a blockto spot & mark w/bloodof boys who knew no betterway to grow up than throw upthe crown & be down for whatever.I’ll fly off to a fjord in Norway,post “Oh the pain” above my doorwayif you insist on going your way, ; ; for this is not a duck.That is what cowards say, and realistswho run away, shun the appeal itsrare white fur holds, although they feel it’s ; ; a rabbit full of pluck.Let’s multiply, let’s twitch our noses,let’s walk among the night’s dark roses,though where the oldest story goes is ; ; a place where tongues might cluck.I’ve had my share of quacks and hisses;whereof mouth cannot speak, it kisses;hop to it, man, and realize this is ; ; a lovely bit of luck.The world had fled, with all its silly caresand questionable aches, and in one swoonwe rose above its stupefying airslike flying lovesick pigs up to the moon. ;In that blue light where two lives equaled all, ;our souls looked down upon a spinning ball.The world returned, and this was a surpriseI raged against like someone on a rack,telling the sun, tears clouding my stunned eyes,give us our splendid isolation back. ;I craved third rails, a shot of something strong ;when I found out it doesn’t last for long.The world came back and stayed, pain never ended,but when the aches and cares begged for a hand,grew softer in the light we’d made and tended,I finally began to understand    love’s widening third stage, and of the three    this was the most outstanding ecstasy.For Flaco ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  A cooler head of lettuce prevailed, but when the actor asked his question and paused for us to watch him pause and think inside the pause, I almost answeredas if we were in a bar, just the two of us and a balcony and spotlight. The two of usand programs and makeup and a sofa from the director’s living room and the black/womb/agora/séance of theater inviting us to feel together alone. I recall I don’t recall the question but its scope on his face was immense, as if he were the Milky Way asking am I pretty, am I here for sure for real for longShe does this thing. Our seventeen- year-old dog. Our mostly deaf dog. Our mostly dead dog, statistically speaking. When I crouch. When I put my mouth to her ear and shout her name. She walks away. Walks toward the nothing of speech. She even trots down the drive, ears up, as if my voice is coming home. It’s like watching a child believe in Christmas, right before you burn the tree down. Every time I do it, I think, this time she’ll turn to me. This time she’ll put voice to face. This time, I’ll be absolved of decay. Which is like being a child who believes in Christmas as the tree burns, as the drapes catch, as Santa lights a smoke with his blowtorch and asks, want one?The ugly duckling remained uglyits whole life but found othersas ugly as itself, I guess that’s the message.Smoke rises from the heads in the backyard.Do you think if I hang around here long enoughsomeone will proffer a muffin, one skulking shadow to another?Soon, my shoes will be part of the populous dirt.Have I learned all the wrong lessons,the ones you shouldn’t know untilthe last dew-clogged lawn is mowedand the sun goes down on the ruined battlements?Why was I given a toy train if notto stage stupendous wrecks? Sure,I can walk by the sea holding a handwith as much melancholy as the next fellow,substituting the cries of slammed wavesfor the droll adumbrations of distraughtskeletons, the day taking on the sheenof a stone removed from the mouthand skipped between the breakers jubilant and sunk.Every half century, the synchronous flowering of bamboo causes famine in parts of India.    May we blossom every fifty yearswithout afflicting the people.May our seedpods nourish rodentswho roam our groveswithout rebuking lands with famine.May sweet potatoes and rice save us.May ginger and turmeric flourishto the bitter distaste of ratswhile tresses of bamboo flowers changeling white waspsload the groves with seedin rare perennial synchrony.  May our sisters flower en massehundreds of square miles apart   in the pale night. May our shoots  pray a silent vision of healing,  our rhizome-laden memories:Yes, we share our hungeronly once on this earth, my love.Let us bless our fruit and multiply.Off what Thornbjörg calls the stern,or what I refer to as where you look upon the place you cannot return, one broke on through.With little purpose but to tease,eye our sound ship, or take leaveof the dog whistle our proppitches ineptly into the eerie.Suturing the path to whereit was bound, it hung split seconds in a realm unsoundable by its sonar. If only we could enter our dreams thus.The cruise ship’s marriage counselor spoke to me in Norwegian, and I agreed, knowing there was only so much she could have saidas it took the sun—and unlike beach stones once you get them home, kept its sodden huegoing black into sea.I read that in this famous person’s poems “she searches for signs of what lies beneath and beyond the self.” Which seemed to me pointless, as if you wouldn’t know whether to paint with egg tempera or eat it. At eighteen, I came across Tolstoy’s “What is Art?” where he said an artist is different from other people because instead of eating an apple he paints it. Even then I thought why can’t he paint it and then eat it, the way at eight, the war just over, I stood shoeless in line in the snowy playground where one of the kids was handing out something that turned out to be small pieces of orange peel, something exotic we’d never seen before which I smelled, nibbled, and finally ate for this poem.For Alyssa    As anyoneis apt to, you began as someoneelse’s symptom. As inother beginnings: drawn lots, blood,some dancing on the heads of pinsand inside needles’ eyes,cellular revelry,hoppingof microscopicturnstiles. Lucky guest,grist, leaptlong odds to sparkthe tinder in the dark.Then, the subcommittees met:made merry in duplicate, triplicateand so on, much of themselves, dividedand divined and concurred.All sides insides, pre-ambulatoryperambulation meant: sureambit, short orbitin a warm aquarium setto the muffled music of a single sphere.As in other beginnings: parting seas, the future’sviolent egress, screams and sutures,aftermath’s average agonyon umbilical belaybut soon to solo, unfold allthose origami limbs to testthe inevitable debutante bawl.Wrest from the nestand the rest is you, dear:dressed for the bright lightsin bits of my sister.If by truth you mean hand then yes I hold to be self-evident and hold you in the highest— KO to my OT and bait to my switch, I crown you one-trick pony to my one-horse town, dub you my one-stop shopping, my space heater, juke joint, tourist trap, my peep show, my meter reader, you best batteries-not-included baring all or nothing. Let me begin by saying if he hollers, end with goes the weasel. In between, cream filling. Get over it, meaning, the moon. Tell me you’ll dismember this night forever, you my punch-drunking bag, tar to my feather. More than the sum of our private parts, we are some peekaboo, some peak and valley, some bright equation (if and then but, if er then uh). My fruit bat, my gewgaw. You had me at no duh.I thought I was growing wings— it was a cocoon. I thought, now is the time to step    into the fire— it was deep water. Eschatology is a word I learned as a child: the study of Last Things; facing my mirror—no longer young, ;   the news—always of death, ;   the dogs—rising from sleep and clamoring ; ; ; and howling, howling, nevertheless I see for a moment    that's not it: it is    the First Things. Word after word floats through the glass.    Towards me.The red eyes of rabbits    aren't sad. No one passes the sad golden village in a barge any more. The sunset    will leave it alone. If the    curtains hang askew    it is no one's fault. Around and around and around everywhere the same sound    of wheels going, and things    growing older, growing    silent. If the dogs bark to each other all night, and their eyes    flash red, that's nobody's business. They have    a great space of dark to    bark across. The rabbits    will bare their teeth at    the spring moon.A doll's hair concealing    an eggshell skull delicately    throbbing, within which maggots in voluptuous unrest    jostle and shrug. Oh, Eileen, my    big doll, your gold hair was    not more sunny than this human fur, but your head was radiant in its emptiness, a small clean room. Her warm and rosy mouth is telling lies—she would believe them if she could believe:    her pretty eyes search out corruption. Oh, Eileen    how kindly your silence was, and    what virtue shone in the opening and shutting of your    ingenious blindness.Coming together    it is easier to work    after our bodies    meet paper and pen neither care nor profit whether we write or not but as your body moves under my hands    charged and waiting    we cut the leash you create me against your thighs    hilly with images moving through our word countries    my body writes into your flesh the poem you make of me. Touching you I catch midnight    as moon fires set in my throat    I love you flesh into blossom    I made you and take you made into me.You rose from our embrace and the small light spread like an aureole around you. The long parabola of neck and shoulder, flank and thigh I saw permute itself through unfolding and unlimited minuteness in the movement of your tall tread, the spine-root swaying, the Picasso-like éclat of scissoring slender legs. I knew some law of Being was at work. At one time I had said that love bestows such values, and so it does, but the old man in his canto was right and wise:ubi amor ibi ocullus est. Always I wanted to give and in wanting was the poet. A man now, aging, I know the best of love is not to bestow, but to recognize.Long ago we quit lifting our heels like the others—horse, dog, and tiger— though we thrill to their speed as they flee. Even the mouse bearing the great weight of a nugget of dog food is enviably graceful. There is little spring to our walk, we are so burdened with responsibility, all of the disciplinary actions that have fallen to us, the punishments, the killings, and all with our feet bound stiff in the skins of the conquered. But sometimes, in the early hours, we can feel what it must have been like to be one of them, up on our toes, stealing past doors where others are sleeping, and suddenly able to see in the dark.At night Chinamen jump    on Asia with a thump while in our willful way    we, in secret, play affectionate games and bruise    our knees like China’s shoes. The birds push apples through    grass the moon turns blue, these apples roll beneath    our buttocks like a heath full of Chinese thrushes    flushed from China’s bushes. As we love at night    birds sing out of sight, Chinese rhythms beat    through us in our heat, the apples and the birds    move us like soft words, we couple in the grace    of that mysterious race.The house is so quiet now The vacuum cleaner sulks in the corner closet, Its bag limp as a stopped lung, its mouth Grinning into the floor, maybe at my Slovenly life, my dog-dead youth. I’ve lived this way long enough, But when my old woman died her soul Went into that vacuum cleaner, and I can’t bear To see the bag swell like a belly, eating the dust And the woolen mice, and begin to howl Because there is old filth everywhere She used to crawl, in the corner and under the stair. I know now how life is cheap as dirt, And still the hungry, angry heart Hangs on and howls, biting at air.Snow hurries the strawberries from the bush. Star-wet water rides you into summer, into my autumn. Your cactus hands are at my heart again. Lady, I court my dream of you in lilies and in rain. I vest myself in your oldest memory and in my oldest need. And in my passion you are the deepest blue of the oldest rose. Star circle me an axe. I cannot cut myself from any of your emblems. It will soon be cold here, and dark here; the grass will lie flat to search for its spring head. I will bow again in the winter of your eyes. If there is music, it will be the weather's bells to call me to the abandoned chapel of your simple body.I watch the woods for deer as if I’m armed. I watch the woods for deer who never come. I know the hes and shes in autumn rendezvous in orchards stained with fallen apples’ scent. I drive my car this way to work so I may let the crows in corn believe it’s me their caws are meant to warn, and snakes who turn in warm and secret caves they know me too. They know the boy who lives inside me still won’t go away. The deer are ghosts who slip between the light through trees, so you may only hear the snap of branches in the thicket beyond hope. I watch the woods for deer, as if I’m armed.Setting a trotline after sundown if we went far enough away in the night    sometimes up out of deep water would come a secret-headed channel cat, Eyes that were still eyes in the rush of darkness,    flowing feelers noncommittal and black, and hidden in the fins those rasping bone daggers,    with one spiking upward on its back. We would come at daylight and find the line sag,    the fishbelly gleam and the rush on the tether:    to feel the swerve and the deep current which tugged at the tree roots below the river.Anyone with quiet pace who walks a gray road in the West may hear a badger underground where    in deep flint another time is Caught by flint and held forever,    the quiet pace of God stopped still.    Anyone who listens walks on    time that dogs him single file, To mountains that are far from people,    the face of the land gone gray like flint.    Badgers dig their little lives there,    quiet-paced the land lies gaunt, The railroad dies by a yellow depot,    town falls away toward a muddy creek.    Badger-gray the sod goes under a river of wind, a hawk on a stick.Observe the cautious toadstools ;still on the lawn today though they grow over-evening; ;sun shrinks them away. Pale and proper and rootless, ;they righteously extort their living from the living. ;I have been their sort. See by our blocked foundation ;the cold, archaic clay, stiff and clinging and sterile ;as children mold at play or as the Lord God fashioned ;before He breathed it breath. The earth we dig and carry ;for flowers, is strong in death. Woman, we are the rich ;soil, friable and humble, where all our murders rot, ;where our old deaths crumble and fortify my reach ;far from you, wide and free, though I have set my root ;in you and am your tree.A siren sang, and Europe turned away From the high castle and the shepherd’s crook.    Three caravels went sailing to Cathay On the strange ocean, and the captains shook    Their banners out across the Mexique Bay. And in our early days we did the same.    Remembering our fathers in their wreck We crossed the sea from Palos where they came    And saw, enormous to the little deck,    A shore in silence waiting for a name. The treasures of Cathay were never found.    In this America, this wilderness Where the axe echoes with a lonely sound,    The generations labor to possess And grave by grave we civilize the ground.The man vending needles at our door Was lucky to greet you. He looked poor but you acted needle-poor Where I’d have said, I don’t need ... He sells needles to prick your heart And they’ll take small bites Out of my finger in a layer of skin Where my feelings are thin. The old thread knitting together his many wools Might last another trudge To our porch: he came last year but I Refused and barely looked him in the eye. I’ve lost how many needles since then? Besides he is mute And would see how dumb we are to buy Three hundred needles for relief. But he supplied us to the end of life. I’ll give away some. And you might never use these points That push through cloth, cut to be made one.I love the way the black ants use their dead. They carry them off like warriors on their steel backs. They spend hours struggling, lifting, dragging (it is not grisly as it would be for us, to carry them back to be eaten), so that every part will be of service. I think of my husband at his father’s grave— the grass had closed over the headstone, and the name had disappeared. He took out his pocket knife and cut the grass away, he swept it with his handkerchief to make it clear. “Is this the way we’ll be forgotten?” And he bent down over the grave and wept.; Eat all you want but don’t swallow it. 
—Archie Moore ;  The ruth of soups and balm of sauces I renounce equally. What Rorschach saw in ink I find in the buttery frizzle in the sauté pan, and I leave it behind, and the sweet peat-smoke tang of bananas, and cream in clots, and chocolate. I give away the satisfactions of food and take desire for food: I’ll be travelling light to the heaven of revisions. Why be adipose: an expense, etc., in a waste, etc.? Something like the body of the poet’s work, with its pale shadows, begins to pare and replace the poet’s body, and isn’t it time?Over the river and through the wood, ;To grandfather's house we go; ; ;The horse knows the way ; ;To carry the sleigh ;Through the white and drifted snow. Over the river and through the wood-- ;Oh, how the wind does blow! ; ;It stings the toes ; ;And bites the nose, ;As over the ground we go. Over the river and through the wood, ;To have first-rate play. ; ;Hear the bells ring, ; ;"Ting-a-ling-ding!" ;Hurrah for Thanksgiving Day! Over the river and through the wood, ;And straight through the barn-yard gate. ; ;We seem to go ; ;Extremely slow-- ;It is so hard to wait! Over the river and through the wood-- ;Now grandmother's cap I spy! ; ;Hurrah for the fun! ; ;Is the pudding done? ;Hurrah for the pumpkin-pie!Amazing to believe that nothingness    Surrounds us with delight and lets us be,    And that the meekness of nonentity,    Despite the friction of the world of sense,    Despite the leveling of violence, Is all that matters. All the energy We force into the matchhead and the city    Explodes inside a loving emptiness. Not Dante’s rings, not the Zen zero’s mouth,    Out of which comes and into which light goes,    This God recedes from every metaphor,    Turns the hardest data into untruth, And fills all blanks with blankness. This love shows    Itself in absence, which the stars adore.Half asleep in prayer I said the right thing And felt a sudden pleasure come into The room or my own body. In the dark, Charged with a change of atmosphere, at first I couldn’t tell my body from the room. And I was wide awake, full of this feeling, Alert as though I’d heard a doorknob twist, A drawer pulled, and instead of terror knew The intrusion of an overwhelming joy. I had said thanks and this was the response. But how I said it or what I said it for I still cannot recall and I have tried All sorts of ways all hours of the night. Once was enough to be dissatisfied.Drunk on the Umbrian hills at dusk and drunk On one pink cloud that stood beside the moon, Drunk on the moon, a marble smile, and drunk, Two young Americans, on one another, Far from home and wanting this forever— Who needed God? We had our bodies, bread, And glasses of a raw, green, local wine, And watched our Godless perfect darkness breed Enormous softly burning ancient stars. Who needed God? And why do I ask now? Because I’m older and I think God stirs In details that keep bringing back that time, Details that are just as vivid now— Our bodies, bread, a sharp Umbrian wine.Shoes, secret face of my inner life:    Two gaping toothless mouths, Two partly decomposed animal skins    Smelling of mice nests. My brother and sister who died at birth    Continuing their existence in you, Guiding my life Toward their incomprehensible innocence. What use are books to me When in you it is possible to read    The Gospel of my life on earth And still beyond, of things to come? I want to proclaim the religion I have devised for your perfect humility    And the strange church I am building    With you as the altar. Ascetic and maternal, you endure: Kin to oxen, to Saints, to condemned men,    With your mute patience, forming The only true likeness of myself.Nights, by the light of whatever would burn: tallow, tinder and the silken rope of wick that burns slow, slow we wove the baskets from the long gold strands of wheat that were another silk: worm soul spun the one, yellow seed in the dark soil, the other. The fields lay fallow, swollen with frost, expectant winter. Mud clung to the edges of our gowns; we had hung back like shadows on the walls of trees and watched. In the little circles that our tapers threw, murdered men rose red in their clanging armor, muttered words that bled through the bars of iron masks: the lord who sold us to the glory fields, lied.This afternoon was the colour of water falling through sunlight; The trees glittered with the tumbling of leaves; The sidewalks shone like alleys of dropped maple leaves, And the houses ran along them laughing out of square, open windows. Under a tree in the park, Two little boys, lying flat on their faces, Were carefully gathering red berries To put in a pasteboard box. Some day there will be no war, Then I shall take out this afternoon And turn it in my fingers, And remark the sweet taste of it upon my palate, And note the crisp variety of its flights of leaves. To-day I can only gather it And put it into my lunch-box, For I have time for nothing But the endeavour to balance myself Upon a broken world.Think of our blindness where the water burned! Are we so certain that those wings, returned And turning, we had half discerned Before our dazzled eyes had surely seen The bird aloft there, did not mean?— Our hearts so seized upon the sign! Think how we sailed up-wind, the brine Tasting of daphne, the enormous wave Thundering in the water cave— Thunder in stone. And how we beached the skiff And climbed the coral of that iron cliff And found what only in our hearts we’d heard— The silver screaming of that one, white bird: The fabulous wings, the crimson beak That opened, red as blood, to shriek And clamor in that world of stone, No voice to answer but its own. What certainty, hidden in our hearts before, Found in the bird its metaphor?That scraping of iron on iron when the wind    rises, what is it? Something the wind won’t    quit with, but drags back and forth. Sometimes faint, far, then suddenly, close, just    beyond the screened door, as if someone there    squats in the dark honing his wares against    my threshold. Half steel wire, half metal wing,    nothing and anything might make this noise    of saws and rasps, a creaking and groaning of bone-growth, or body-death, marriages of rust,    or ore abraded. Tonight, something bows that should not bend. Something stiffens that should    slide. Something, loose and not right,    rakes or forges itself all night.I wore a garland of the briar that put me now in awe I wore a garland of the brain that was whole It commanded me, done babbling And I no more blabbed, spare no lie Tell womanhood she shake off pity Tell the man to give up tumult for the while To wonder at the sight of baby's beauty Ne let the monsters fray us with things that not be From a high tower poem issuing Everything run along in creation till I end the song Ne none fit for so wild beasts Ne none so joyous, ne none no give no lie Tell old woes to leave off here: I sing this into a scallop shell with face of a pearl & leave all sorrow bye & bye.The Bone-man lives in a stucco house. He ticks his heels on the cold terrazzo floor. He parks his ragtruck in the yard, instructs his crew on the white telephone. I am training my dog to attack the red-capped hunter bearing his long package. I am training the tethered jay to cry out against the killer who cracks the latch. On the open map, the road to my house bulges like a vein. He takes a train, he rents a car, he lurches in with an open fly. Sweet Eve was just the Farmer’s Daughter, he wooed her with a wormy apple. He’s a dirty joke, he’s always everybody’s last lover, he’s a regular can of worms—you wry Medusa, I am a mongoose staring you down.I dreamed that I was old: in stale declension    Fallen from my prime, when company Was mine, cat-nimbleness, and green invention,    Before time took my leafy hours away. My wisdom, ripe with body’s ruin, found    Itself tart recompense for what was lost In false exchange: since wisdom in the ground    Has no apocalypse or pentecost. I wept for my youth, sweet passionate young thought, And cozy women dead that by my side    Once lay: I wept with bitter longing, not    Remembering how in my youth I cried.Let me call a ghost, Love, so it be little: In December we took No thought for the weather. Whom now shall I thank For this wealth of water? Your heart loves harbors Where I am a stranger. Where was it we lay Needing no other Twelve days and twelve nights In each other’s eyes? Or was it at Babel And the days too small We spoke our own tongue Needing no other? If a seed grow green Set a stone upon it That it learn thereby Holy charity. If you must smile Always on that other, Cut me from ear to ear And we all smile together.Oh pile of white shirts who is coming to breathe in your shapes to carry your numbers to appear what hearts are moving toward their garments here their days what troubles beating between arms you look upward through each other saying nothing has happened and it has gone away and is sleeping having told the same story and we exist from within eyes of the gods you lie on your backs and the wounds are not made the blood has not heard the boat has not turned to stone and the dark wires to the bulb are full of the voice of the unbornNeither my father nor my mother knew the names of the trees where I was born what is that I asked and my father and mother did not hear they did not look where I pointed surfaces of furniture held the attention of their fingers and across the room they could watch walls they had forgotten where there were no questions no voices and no shade Were there trees where they were children where I had not been I asked were there trees in those places where my father and my mother were born and in that time did my father and my mother see them and when they said yes it meant they did not remember What were they I asked what were they but both my father and my mother said they never knewTwinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are! Up above the world so high, Like a diamond in the sky. When the blazing sun is gone, When he nothing shines upon, Then you show your little light, Twinkle, twinkle, all the night. Then the traveler in the dark Thanks you for your tiny spark, How could he see where to go, If you did not twinkle so? In the dark blue sky you keep, Often through my curtains peep For you never shut your eye, Till the sun is in the sky. As your bright and tiny spark Lights the traveler in the dark, Though I know not what you are, Twinkle, twinkle, little star.Her unawed face, whose pose so long assumed Is touched with what reality we feel, Bends to itself and, to itself resumed, Restores a tender fiction to the real. And in her artful posture movement lies Whose timeless motion flesh must so conceal; Yet what her pose conceals we might surmise And might pretend to gather from her eyes The final motion flesh gives up to art. But slowly, if we watch her long enough, The nerves grow subtler, and she moves apart Into a space too dim with time and blood For our set eyes to follow true enough, Or nerves to guess about her, if they would.I will arise and go now, and go to Innisfree, And a small cabin build there, of clay and wattles made; Nine bean-rows will I have there, a hive for the honey-bee, And live alone in the bee-loud glade. And I shall have some peace there, for peace comes dropping slow, Dropping from the veils of the morning to where the cricket sings; There midnight’s all a glimmer, and noon a purple glow, And evening full of the linnet’s wings. I will arise and go now, for always night and day I hear lake water lapping with low sounds by the shore; While I stand on the roadway, or on the pavements grey, I hear it in the deep heart’s core.The brawling of a sparrow in the eaves,    The brilliant moon and all the milky sky,    And all that famous harmony of leaves,    Had blotted out man's image and his cry. A girl arose that had red mournful lips And seemed the greatness of the world in tears,    Doomed like Odysseus and the labouring ships    And proud as Priam murdered with his peers; Arose, and on the instant clamorous eaves,    A climbing moon upon an empty sky,    And all that lamentation of the leaves,    Could but compose man's image and his cry.Highlight Actions Enable or disable annotations ;We are things of dry hours and the involuntary plan, Grayed in, and gray. “Dream” makes a giddy sound, not strong Like “rent,” “feeding a wife,” “satisfying a man.” But could a dream send up through onion fumes Its white and violet, fight with fried potatoes And yesterday’s garbage ripening in the hall, Flutter, or sing an ariaaria an elaborate song for one voice with orchestral accompaniment, appearing most often in opera (“aria” means “air” in Italian). down these rooms Even if we were willing to let it in, Had time to warm it, keep it very clean, Anticipate a message, let it begin? We wonder. But not well! not for a minute! Since Number Five is out of the bathroom now, We think of lukewarm water, hope to get in it.I hold my honey and I store my bread In little jars and cabinets of my will. I label clearly, and each latch and lid I bid, Be firm till I return from hell. I am very hungry. I am incomplete. And none can tell when I may dine again. No man can give me any word but Wait, The puny light. I keep eyes pointed in; Hoping that, when the devil days of my hurt Drag out to their last dregs and I resume On such legs as are left me, in such heart As I can manage, remember to go home, My taste will not have turned insensitive To honey and bread old purity could love.They said, my saints, my slogan-sayers sang,  Be good, my child, in spite of all alarm. They stood, my fathers, tall in a row and said,  Be good, be brave, you shall not come to harm. I heard them in my sleep and muttering dream,  And murmuring cried, How shall I wake to this? They said, my poets, singers of my song,  We cannot tell, since all we tell you is But history, we speak but of the dead.  And of the dead they said such history (Their beards were blazing with the truth of it)  As made of much of me a mystery.Why so many senseless injuries? This one’s glass teeth knocked out. Eyes missing, or stuck open or closed. Limbs torn away. Sawdust dribbles onto the floor like an hourglass running out. Fingerless hands, noses chipped or bitten off. Many are bald or burnt. Some, we learn, are victims of torture or amateur surgery. Do dolls invite abuse, with their dent-able heads, those tight little painted-on or stitched-in grins?Hurt me, big botched being, they whine in a dialect only puritans and the frequently punished can hear.It’s what I was born for. I know my tiny white pantaloons and sheer underskirts incite violation.He manages like somebody carrying a box    that is too heavy, first with his arms underneath. When their strength gives out,    he moves the hands forward, hooking them    on the corners, pulling the weight against    his chest. He moves his thumbs slightly    when the fingers begin to tire, and it makes    different muscles take over. Afterward, he carries it on his shoulder, until the blood    drains out of the arm that is stretched up to steady the box and the arm goes numb. But now    the man can hold underneath again, so that    he can go on without ever putting the box down.I could not pity your pain but I pitied the branches Losing what little the frost had left them to hold. I could not warm you with sorrow; I turned to the sparrows, Clustered like heavy brown blossoms puffed out by the cold. They could not help me. I looked at my hands; they were helpless; Strange and detached, less related to me than the birds. Baffled, I called on the mind: it carried me, floundering, Lost among meaningless phrases, tossed in a welter of words. Too great for my blundering comfort, your anguish confused me. From a great distance, I saw you standing alone. Frozen and stark, in a black iron circle of silence, I could not pity your pain; I could scarcely pity my own.I waited and worked To win myself leisure, Till loneliness irked And I turned to raw pleasure. I drank and I gamed, I feasted and wasted, Till, sick and ashamed, The food stood untasted. I searched in the Book For rooted convictions, Till the badgered brain shook With its own contradictions. Then, done with the speech, Of the foolishly lettered, I started to teach Life cannot be bettered: That the warrior fails Whatever his weapon, And nothing avails While time and chance happen. That fools who assure men With lies are respected, While the vision of pure men Is scorned and rejected. That a wise man goes grieving Even in Zion, While any dog living Outroars a dead lion.You have not conquered me—it is the surge Of love itself that beats against my will; It is the sting of conflict, the old urge That calls me still. It is not you I love—it is the form And shadow of all lovers who have died That gives you all the freshness of a warm And unfamiliar bride. It is your name I breathe, your hands I seek; It will be you when you are gone. And yet the dream, the name I never speak, Is that that lures me on. It is the golden summons, the bright wave Of banners calling me anew; It is all beauty, perilous and grave— It is not you.All you have to lose is one connection and the mind    uncouples all the way back.    It seems to have been a train. There seems to have been a track. The things that you unpack from the abandoned cars    cannot sustain    life: a crate of    tractor axles,    for example, a dozen dozen    clasp knives,    a hundred    bolts of satin— perhaps you    specialized    more than    you imagined.Have but one God: thy knees were sore If bent in prayer to three or four. Adore no images save those The coinage of thy country shows. Take not the Name in vain. Direct Thy swearing unto some effect. Thy hand from Sunday work be held— Work not at all unless compelled. Honor thy parents, and perchance Their wills thy fortunes may advance. Kill not—death liberates thy foe From persecution’s constant woe. Kiss not thy neighbor’s wife. Of course There’s no objection to divorce. To steal were folly, for ’tis plain In cheating there is greater gain. Bear not false witness. Shake your head And say that you have “heard it said.” Who stays to covet ne’er will catch An opportunity to snatch.Piping down the valleys wild Piping songs of pleasant glee On a cloud I saw a child. And he laughing said to me. Pipe a song about a Lamb; So I piped with merry chear, Piper pipe that song again— So I piped, he wept to hear. Drop thy pipe thy happy pipe Sing thy songs of happy chear, So I sung the same again While he wept with joy to hear Piper sit thee down and write In a book that all may read— So he vanish'd from my sight. And I pluck'd a hollow reed. And I made a rural pen, And I stain'd the water clear, And I wrote my happy songs Every child may joy to hearLittle Lamb who made thee ; ;Dost thou know who made thee Gave thee life & bid thee feed. By the stream & o'er the mead; Gave thee clothing of delight, Softest clothing wooly bright; Gave thee such a tender voice, Making all the vales rejoice! ; ;Little Lamb who made thee ; ;Dost thou know who made thee ; ;Little Lamb I'll tell thee, ; ;Little Lamb I'll tell thee!He is called by thy name, For he calls himself a Lamb: He is meek & he is mild, He became a little child: I a child & thou a lamb, We are called by his name. ; ;Little Lamb God bless thee. ; ;Little Lamb God bless thee.The wild winds weep, ; ;And the night is a-cold; Come hither, Sleep, ; ;And my griefs infold: But lo! the morning peeps ; ;Over the eastern steeps, And the rustling birds of dawn The earth do scorn. Lo! to the vault ; ;Of paved heaven, With sorrow fraught ; ;My notes are driven: They strike the ear of night, ; ;Make weep the eyes of day; They make mad the roaring winds, ; ;And with tempests play. Like a fiend in a cloud ; ;With howling woe, After night I do croud, ; ;And with night will go; I turn my back to the east, From whence comforts have increas'd; For light doth seize my brain With frantic pain.How sweet I roam'd from field to field, ; ;And tasted all the summer's pride, 'Till I the prince of love beheld, ; ;Who in the sunny beams did glide! He shew'd me lilies for my hair, ; ;And blushing roses for my brow; He led me through his gardens fair, ; ;Where all his golden pleasures grow. With sweet May dews my wings were wet, ; ;And Phoebus fir'd my vocal rage; He caught me in his silken net, ; ;And shut me in his golden cage. He loves to sit and hear me sing, ; ;Then, laughing, sports and plays with me; Then stretches out my golden wing, ; ;And mocks my loss of liberty.My silks and fine array, ; ;My smiles and languish'd air, By love are driv'n away; ; ;And mournful lean Despair Brings me yew to deck my grave: Such end true lovers have. His face is fair as heav'n, ; ;When springing buds unfold; O why to him was't giv'n, ; ;Whose heart is wintry cold? His breast is love's all worship'd tomb, Where all love's pilgrims come. Bring me an axe and spade, ; ;Bring me a winding sheet; When I my grave have made, ; ;Let winds and tempests beat: Then down I'll lie, as cold as clay. True love doth pass away!Whether on Ida's shady brow, ; ;Or in the chambers of the East, The chambers of the sun, that now ; ;From ancient melody have ceas'd; Whether in Heav'n ye wander fair, ; ;Or the green corners of the earth, Or the blue regions of the air, ; ;Where the melodious winds have birth; Whether on crystal rocks ye rove, ; ;Beneath the bosom of the sea Wand'ring in many a coral grove, ; ;Fair Nine, forsaking Poetry! How have you left the ancient love ; ;That bards of old enjoy'd in you! The languid strings do scarcely move! ; ;The sound is forc'd, the notes are few!Yes, thou art gone and never more Thy sunny smile shall gladden me; But I may pass the old church door And pace the floor that covers thee; May stand upon the cold, damp stone, And think that frozen lies below The lightest heart that I have known, The kindest I shall ever know. Yet, though I cannot see thee more 'Tis still a comfort to have seen, And though thy transient life is o'er 'Tis sweet to think that thou hast been; To think a soul so near divine, Within a form so angel fair United to a heart like thine Has gladdened once our humble sphere.There's little joy in life for me, ;  And little terror in the grave; I 've lived the parting hour to see ;  Of one I would have died to save. Calmly to watch the failing breath, ;  Wishing each sigh might be the last; Longing to see the shade of death ;  O'er those belovèd features cast. The cloud, the stillness that must part ;  The darling of my life from me; And then to thank God from my heart, ;  To thank Him well and fervently; Although I knew that we had lost ;  The hope and glory of our life; And now, benighted, tempest-tossed, ;  Must bear alone the weary strife.No coward soul is mine
No trembler in the world's storm-troubled sphere
I see Heaven's glories shine
And Faith shines equal arming me from Fear
O God within my breast
Almighty ever-present Deity
Life, that in me hast rest,
As I Undying Life, have power in Thee
Vain are the thousand creeds
That move men's hearts, unutterably vain,
Worthless as withered weeds
Or idlest froth amid the boundless main
To waken doubt in one
Holding so fast by thy infinity,
So surely anchored on
The steadfast rock of Immortality.
With wide-embracing love
Thy spirit animates eternal years
Pervades and broods above,
Changes, sustains, dissolves, creates and rears
Though earth and moon were gone
And suns and universes ceased to be
And Thou wert left alone
Every Existence would exist in thee
There is not room for Death
Nor atom that his might could render void
Since thou art Being and Breath
And what thou art may never be destroyed.MY future will not copy fair my pastOn any leaf but Heaven's. Be fully done,Supernal Will ! I would not fain be oneWho, satisfying thirst and breaking fastUpon the fulness of the heart, at lastSaith no grace after meat. My wine hath runIndeed out of my cup, and there is noneTo gather up the bread of my repastScattered and trampled ! Yet I find some goodIn earth's green herbs, and streams that bubble upClear from the darkling ground, — content untilI sit with angels before better food.Dear Christ ! when thy new vintage fills my cup,This hand shall shake no more, nor that wine spill.I thought once how Theocritus had sung Of the sweet years, the dear and wished for years, Who each one in a gracious hand appears To bear a gift for mortals, old or young: And, as I mused it in his antique tongue, I saw, in gradual vision through my tears, The sweet, sad years, the melancholy years, Those of my own life, who by turns had flung A shadow across me. Straightway I was 'ware, So weeping, how a mystic Shape did move Behind me, and drew me backward by the hair, And a voice said in mastery, while I strove, ... Guess now who holds thee?'—Death,' I said. But there, The silver answer rang ... Not Death, but Love.'Go from me. Yet I feel that I shall stand Henceforward in thy shadow. Nevermore Alone upon the threshold of my door Of individual life, I shall command The uses of my soul, nor lift my hand Serenely in the sunshine as before, Without the sense of that which I forbore, .. Thy touch upon the palm. The widest land Doom takes to part us, leaves thy heart in mine With pulses that beat double. What I do And what I dream include thee, as the wine Must taste of its own grapes. And when I sue God for myself, He hears that name of thine, And sees within my eyes, the tears of two.The face of all the world is changed, I think, Since first I heard the footsteps of thy soul Move still, oh, still, beside me, as they stole Betwixt me and the dreadful outer brink Of obvious death, where I, who thought to sink, Was caught up into love, and taught the whole Of life in a new rhythm. The cup of dole God gave for baptism, I am fain to drink, And praise its sweetness, Sweet, with thee anear. The names of country, heaven, are changed away For where thou art or shalt be, there or here; And this ... this lute and song ... loved yesterday, (The singing angels know) are only dear, Because thy name moves right in what they say.If thou must love me, let it be for nought Except for love's sake only. Do not say I love her for her smile ... her look ... her way Of speaking gently, ... for a trick of thought That falls in well with mine, and certes brought A sense of pleasant ease on such a day'— For these things in themselves, Belovèd, may Be changed, or change for thee,—and love, so wrought, May be unwrought so. Neither love me for Thine own dear pity's wiping my cheeks dry,— A creature might forget to weep, who bore Thy comfort long, and lose thy love thereby! But love me for love's sake, that evermore Thou may'st love on, through love's eternity.Beloved, my Beloved, when I think That thou wast in the world a year ago, What time I sate alone here in the snow And saw no footprint, heard the silence sink No moment at thy voice ... but, link by link, Went counting all my chains, as if that so They never could fall off at any blow Struck by thy possible hand ... why, thus I drink Of life's great cup of wonder! Wonderful, Never to feel thee thrill the day or night With personal act or speech,—nor ever cull Some prescience of thee with the blossoms white Thou sawest growing! Atheists are as dull, Who cannot guess God's presence out of sight.When our two souls stand up erect and strong, Face to face, silent, drawing nigh and nigher, Until the lengthening wings break into fire At either curvéd point, — what bitter wrong Can the earth do to us, that we should not long Be here contented ? Think. In mounting higher, The angels would press on us, and aspire To drop some golden orb of perfect song Into our deep, dear silence. Let us stay Rather on earth, Belovèd, — where the unfit Contrarious moods of men recoil away And isolate pure spirits, and permit A place to stand and love in for a day, With darkness and the death-hour rounding it.I lived with visions for my company, Instead of men and women, years ago, And found them gentle mates, nor thought to know A sweeter music than they played to me. But soon their trailing purple was not free Of this world's dust, — their lutes did silent grow, And I myself grew faint and blind below Their vanishing eyes. Then THOU didst come ... to be, Belovèd, what they seemed. Their shining fronts, Their songs, their splendours, (better, yet the same, As river-water hallowed into fonts) Met in thee, and from out thee overcame My soul with satisfaction of all wants — Because God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame.My letters! all dead paper, ... mute and white ! — And yet they seem alive and quivering Against my tremulous hands which loose the string And let them drop down on my knee to-night. This said, ... he wished to have me in his sight Once, as a friend: this fixed a day in spring To come and touch my hand ... a simple thing, Yet I wept for it! — this, ... the paper's light ... Said, Dear, I love thee; and I sank and quailed As if God's future thundered on my past. This said, I am thine — and so its ink has paled With lying at my heart that beat too fast. And this ... O Love, thy words have ill availed, If, what this said, I dared repeat at last!If I leave all for thee, wilt thou exchange And be all to me? Shall I never miss Home-talk and blessing and the common kiss That comes to each in turn, nor count it strange, When I look up, to drop on a new range Of walls and floors ... another home than this? Nay, wilt thou fill that place by me which is Filled by dead eyes too tender to know change? That's hardest. If to conquer love, has tried, To conquer grief, tries more ... as all things prove; For grief indeed is love and grief beside. Alas, I have grieved so I am hard to love. Yet love me—wilt thou? Open thine heart wide, And fold within, the wet wings of thy dove.Escape me?
Never—
Beloved!
While I am I, and you are you, ; So long as the world contains us both, ; Me the loving and you the loth,
While the one eludes, must the other pursue.
My life is a fault at last, I fear:
It seems too much like a fate, indeed!
Though I do my best I shall scarce succeed.
But what if I fail of my purpose here?
It is but to keep the nerves at strain,
To dry one's eyes and laugh at a fall,
And, baffled, get up and begin again,—
So the chase takes up one's life, that's all.
While, look but once from your farthest bound
At me so deep in the dust and dark,
No sooner the old hope goes to ground
Than a new one, straight to the self-same mark,
I shape me—
Ever
Removed!Ah, did you once see Shelley plain,    And did he stop and speak to you?
And did you speak to him again?    How strange it seems, and new!  But you were living before that,    And you are living after,
And the memory I started at—    My starting moves your laughter!  I crossed a moor, with a name of its own    And a certain use in the world no doubt,
Yet a hand's-breadth of it shines alone    'Mid the blank miles round about:  For there I picked up on the heather    And there I put inside my breast
A moulted feather, an eagle-feather—    Well, I forget the rest.All that I know ;   Of a certain star, ;   Is, it can throw ;   (Like the angled spar) ;   Now a dart of red, ;   Now a dart of blue, ;   Till my friends have said ;   They would fain see, too,
My star that dartles the red and the blue!
Then it stops like a bird; like a flower, hangs furled:    They must solace themselves with the Saturn above it.
What matter to me if their star is a world?    Mine has opened its soul to me; therefore I love it.O my Luve is like a red, red rose    That’s newly sprung in June; O my Luve is like the melody    That’s sweetly played in tune. So fair art thou, my bonnie lass,    So deep in luve am I; And I will luve thee still, my dear,    Till a’ the seas gang dry. Till a’ the seas gang dry, my dear,    And the rocks melt wi’ the sun; I will love thee still, my dear,    While the sands o’ life shall run. And fare thee weel, my only luve!    And fare thee weel awhile! And I will come again, my luve,    Though it were ten thousand mile.Scots, wha hae wi' Wallace bled, Scots, wham Bruce has aften led; Welcome to your gory bed, ; ;Or to victory! Now's the day, and now's the hour; See the front o' battle lour; See approach proud Edward's power— ; ;Chains and slavery! Wha will be a traitor knave? Wha can fill a coward's grave! Wha sae base as be a slave? ; ;Let him turn and flee! Wha for Scotland's king and law Freedom's sword will strongly draw, Freeman stand, or freeman fa', ; ;Let him follow me! By oppression's woes and pains! By your sons in servile chains! We will drain our dearest veins, ; ;But they shall be free! Lay the proud usurpers low! Tyrants fall in every foe! Liberty's in every blow!— ; ;Let us do or die!She walks in beauty, like the night  Of cloudless climes and starry skies;
And all that’s best of dark and bright  Meet in her aspect and her eyes;
Thus mellowed to that tender light  Which heaven to gaudy day denies.
One shade the more, one ray the less,  Had half impaired the nameless grace
Which waves in every raven tress,  Or softly lightens o’er her face;
Where thoughts serenely sweet express,  How pure, how dear their dwelling-place.
And on that cheek, and o’er that brow,  So soft, so calm, yet eloquent,
The smiles that win, the tints that glow,  But tell of days in goodness spent,
A mind at peace with all below,  A heart whose love is innocent!There is a garden in her face
Where roses and white lilies grow;
A heav'nly paradise is that place
Wherein all pleasant fruits do flow.    There cherries grow which none may buy,    Till "Cherry ripe" themselves do cry.
Those cherries fairly do enclose
Of orient pearl a double row,
Which when her lovely laughter shows,
They look like rose-buds fill'd with snow;    Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy,    Till "Cherry ripe" themselves do cry.
Her eyes like angels watch them still,
Her brows like bended bows do stand,
Threat'ning with piercing frowns to kill
All that attempt with eye or hand    Those sacred cherries to come nigh,    Till "Cherry ripe" themselves do cry.Know Celia, since thou art so proud, ; 'Twas I that gave thee thy renown;
Thou hadst, in the forgotten crowd ; Of common beauties, liv'd unknown,
Had not my verse exhal'd thy name,
And with it imp'd the wings of fame.
That killing power is none of thine, ; I gave it to thy voice, and eyes;
Thy sweets, thy graces, all are mine; ; Thou art my star, shin'st in my skies;
Then dart not from thy borrow'd sphere
Lightning on him that fix'd thee there.
Tempt me with such affrights no more, ; Lest what I made, I uncreate;
Let fools thy mystic forms adore, ; I'll know thee in thy mortal state;
Wise poets that wrapp'd Truth in tales,
Knew her themselves, through all her veils.Ask me no more where Jove bestows,
When June is past, the fading rose;
For in your beauty's orient deep
These flowers as in their causes, sleep.
Ask me no more whither doth stray
The golden atoms of the day;
For in pure love heaven did prepare
Those powders to enrich your hair.
Ask me no more whither doth haste
The nightingale when May is past;
For in your sweet dividing throat
She winters and keeps warm her note.
Ask me no more where those stars light
That downwards fall in dead of night;
For in your eyes they sit, and there,
Fixed become as in their sphere.
Ask me no more if east or west
The phoenix builds her spicy nest;
For unto you at last she flies,
And in your fragrant bosom dies.When thou, poor excommunicate   From all the joys of love, shalt see
The full reward and glorious fate   Which my strong faith shall purchase me,   Then curse thine own inconstancy.
A fairer hand than thine shall cure   That heart, which thy false oaths did wound;
And to my soul, a soul more pure   Than thine shall by Love's hand be bound,   And both with equal glory crown'd.
Then shalt thou weep, entreat, complain   To Love, as I did once to thee;
When all thy tears shall be as vain   As mine were then, for thou shalt be   Damn'd for thy false apostasy.I am—yet what I am none cares or knows; My friends forsake me like a memory lost: I am the self-consumer of my woes— They rise and vanish in oblivious host, Like shadows in love’s frenzied stifled throes And yet I am, and live—like vapours tossed Into the nothingness of scorn and noise, Into the living sea of waking dreams, Where there is neither sense of life or joys, But the vast shipwreck of my life’s esteems; Even the dearest that I loved the best Are strange—nay, rather, stranger than the rest. I long for scenes where man hath never trod A place where woman never smiled or wept There to abide with my Creator, God, And sleep as I in childhood sweetly slept, Untroubling and untroubled where I lie The grass below—above the vaulted sky.This Sycamore, oft musical with bees,—
Such tents the Patriarchs loved! O long unharmed
May all its agèd boughs o'er-canopy
The small round basin, which this jutting stone
Keeps pure from falling leaves! Long may the Spring,
Quietly as a sleeping infant's breath,
Send up cold waters to the traveller
With soft and even pulse! Nor ever cease
Yon tiny cone of sand its soundless dance,
Which at the bottom, like a Fairy's Page,
As merry and no taller, dances still,
Nor wrinkles the smooth surface of the Fount.
Here Twilight is and Coolness: here is moss,
A soft seat, and a deep and ample shade.
Thou may'st toil far and find no second tree.
Drink, Pilgrim, here; Here rest! and if thy heart
Be innocent, here too shalt thou refresh
Thy spirit, listening to some gentle sound,
Or passing gale or hum of murmuring bees!Written in Germany    If I had but two little wings    And were a little feathery bird, ; To you I'd fly, my dear!
But thoughts like these are idle things, ; And I stay here.  But in my sleep to you I fly:    I'm always with you in my sleep! ; The world is all one's own.
But then one wakes, and where am I? ; All, all alone.  Sleep stays not, though a monarch bids:    So I love to wake ere break of day: ; For though my sleep be gone,
Yet while 'tis dark, one shuts one's lids, ; And still dreams on.Lines Composed 21st February 1825    All Nature seems at work. Slugs leave their lair— The bees are stirring—birds are on the wing— And Winter slumbering in the open air, Wears on his smiling face a dream of Spring! And I the while, the sole unbusy thing, Nor honey make, nor pair, nor build, nor sing. ; ;Yet well I ken the banks where amaranths blow, Have traced the fount whence streams of nectar flow. Bloom, O ye amaranths! bloom for whom ye may, For me ye bloom not! Glide, rich streams, away! With lips unbrightened, wreathless brow, I stroll: And would you learn the spells that drowse my soul? Work without Hope draws nectar in a sieve, And Hope without an object cannot live.Thy country, Wilberforce, with just disdain,
Hears thee, by cruel men and impious, call'd
Fanatic, for thy zeal to loose th' enthrall'd
From exile, public sale, and slav'ry's chain.
Friend of the poor, the wrong'd, the fetter-gall'd,
Fear not lest labour such as thine be vain!
Thou hast achiev'd a part; hast gain'd the ear
Of Britain's senate to thy glorious cause;
Hope smiles, joy springs, and tho' cold caution pause
And weave delay, the better hour is near,
That shall remunerate thy toils severe
By peace for Afric, fenc'd with British laws.    Enjoy what thou hast won, esteem and love    From all the just on earth, and all the blest above!from Amphitryon    Fair Iris I love and hourly I die, But not for a lip nor a languishing eye: She's fickle and false, and there I agree; For I am as false and as fickle as she: We neither believe what either can say; And, neither believing, we neither betray. 'Tis civil to swear and say things, of course; We mean not the taking for better or worse. When present we love, when absent agree; I think not of Iris, nor Iris of me: The legend of love no couple can find So easy to part, or so equally join'd.Why should a foolish marriage vow, ; Which long ago was made,
Oblige us to each other now ; When passion is decay'd?
We lov'd, and we lov'd, as long as we could, ; Till our love was lov'd out in us both:
But our marriage is dead, when the pleasure is fled: ; 'Twas pleasure first made it an oath.
If I have pleasures for a friend, ; And farther love in store,
What wrong has he whose joys did end, ; And who could give no more?
'Tis a madness that he should be jealous of me, ; Or that I should bar him of another:
For all we can gain is to give our selves pain, ; When neither can hinder the other.from An Evening's Love    You charm'd me not with that fair face ;  Though it was all divine: To be another's is the grace, ;  That makes me wish you mine.    The Gods and Fortune take their part ;  Who like young monarchs fight; And boldly dare invade that heart ;  Which is another's right.    First mad with hope we undertake ;  To pull up every bar; But once possess'd, we faintly make ;  A dull defensive war.    Now every friend is turn'd a foe ;  In hope to get our store: And passion makes us cowards grow, ;  Which made us brave before.Seen my lady home las' night,  Jump back, honey, jump back.
Hel' huh han' an' sque'z it tight,  Jump back, honey, jump back.
Hyeahd huh sigh a little sigh,
Seen a light gleam f'om huh eye,
An' a smile go flittin' by —  Jump back, honey, jump back.
Hyeahd de win' blow thoo de pine,  Jump back, honey, jump back.
Mockin'-bird was singin' fine,  Jump back, honey, jump back.
An' my hea't was beatin' so,
When I reached my lady's do',
Dat I could n't ba' to go —  Jump back, honey, jump back.
Put my ahm aroun' huh wais',  Jump back, honey, jump back.
Raised huh lips an' took a tase,  Jump back, honey, jump back.
Love me, honey, love me true?
Love me well ez I love you?
An' she answe'd, "'Cose I do"—  Jump back, honey, jump back.We wear the mask that grins and lies, It hides our cheeks and shades our eyes,— This debt we pay to human guile; With torn and bleeding hearts we smile, And mouth with myriad subtleties. Why should the world be over-wise, In counting all our tears and sighs? Nay, let them only see us, while ;   We wear the mask. We smile, but, O great Christ, our cries To thee from tortured souls arise. We sing, but oh the clay is vile Beneath our feet, and long the mile; But let the world dream otherwise, ;   We wear the mask!As she laughed I was aware of becoming involved in her laughter and being part of it, until her teeth were only accidental stars with a talent for squad-drill. I was drawn in by short gasps, inhaled at each momentary recovery, lost finally in the dark caverns of her throat, bruised by the ripple of unseen muscles. An elderly waiter with trembling hands was hurriedly spreading a pink and white checked cloth over the rusty green iron table, saying: “If the lady and gentleman wish to take their tea in the garden, if the lady and gentleman wish to take their tea in the garden ...” I decided that if the shaking of her breasts could be stopped, some of the fragments of the afternoon might be collected, and I concentrated my attention with careful subtlety to this end.In vain to me the smiling Mornings shine,    And reddening Phœbus lifts his golden fire;
The birds in vain their amorous descant join;    Or cheerful fields resume their green attire;
These ears, alas! for other notes repine,    A different object do these eyes require;
My lonely anguish melts no heart but mine;    And in my breast the imperfect joys expire.
Yet Morning smiles the busy race to cheer,    And new-born pleasure brings to happier men;
The fields to all their wonted tribute bear;    To warm their little loves the birds complain;
I fruitless mourn to him that cannot hear,    And weep the more because I weep in vain.“Percussus sum sicut foenum, et aruit cor meum.” —Ps. ci.    Wintertime nighs;
But my bereavement-pain
It cannot bring again: ;   Twice no one dies. ;   Flower-petals flee;
But, since it once hath been,
No more that severing scene ;   Can harrow me. ;   Birds faint in dread:
I shall not lose old strength
In the lone frost's black length: ;   Strength long since fled! ;   Leaves freeze to dun;
But friends can not turn cold
This season as of old ;   For him with none. ;   Tempests may scath;
But love can not make smart
Again this year his heart ;   Who no heart hath. ;   Black is night's cope;
But death will not appal
One who, past doubtings all, ;   Waits in unhope.Who says that fictions only and false hair
Become a verse? Is there in truth no beauty?
Is all good structure in a winding stair?
May no lines pass, except they do their duty ; Not to a true, but painted chair?
Is it no verse, except enchanted groves
And sudden arbours shadow coarse-spun lines?
Must purling streams refresh a lover's loves?
Must all be veil'd, while he that reads, divines, ; Catching the sense at two removes?
Shepherds are honest people; let them sing;
Riddle who list, for me, and pull for prime;
I envy no man's nightingale or spring;
Nor let them punish me with loss of rhyme, ; Who plainly say, my God, my King.Immortal Love, author of this great frame,    Sprung from that beauty which can never fade,    How hath man parcel'd out Thy glorious name,
And thrown it on that dust which Thou hast made,
While mortal love doth all the title gain!    Which siding with Invention, they together    Bear all the sway, possessing heart and brain,
(Thy workmanship) and give Thee share in neither.
Wit fancies beauty, beauty raiseth wit;    The world is theirs, they two play out the game,    Thou standing by: and though Thy glorious name
Wrought our deliverance from th' infernal pit,
Who sings Thy praise? Only a scarf or glove
Doth warm our hands, and make them write of love.Immortal Heat, O let Thy greater flame    Attract the lesser to it; let those fires    Which shall consume the world first make it tame,
And kindle in our hearts such true desires.
As may consume our lusts, and make Thee way:    Then shall our hearts pant Thee, then shall our brain    All her invention on Thine altar lay,
And there in hymns send back Thy fire again.
Our eyes shall see Thee, which before saw dust,    Dust blown by wit, till that they both were blind:    Thou shalt recover all Thy goods in kind,
Who wert disseized by usurping lust:
All knees shall bow to Thee; all wits shall rise,
And praise Him Who did make and mend our eyes.I wake and feel the fell of dark, not day.What hours, O what black hours we have spent This night! what sights you, heart, saw; ways you went! And more must, in yet longer light's delay.    With witness I speak this. But where I say Hours I mean years, mean life. And my lament Is cries countless, cries like dead letters sent To dearest him that lives alas! away.    I am gall, I am heartburn. God's most deep decree Bitter would have me taste: my taste was me; Bones built in me, flesh filled, blood brimmed the curse.    Selfyeast of spirit a dull dough sours. I see The lost are like this, and their scourge to be As I am mine, their sweating selves; but worse.No worst, there is none. Pitched past pitch of grief, More pangs will, schooled at forepangs, wilder wring. Comforter, where, where is your comforting? Mary, mother of us, where is your relief? My cries heave, herds-long; huddle in a main, a chief Woe, wórld-sorrow; on an áge-old anvil wince and sing — Then lull, then leave off. Fury had shrieked 'No ling- ering! Let me be fell: force I must be brief."'    O the mind, mind has mountains; cliffs of fall Frightful, sheer, no-man-fathomed. Hold them cheap May who ne'er hung there. Nor does long our small Durance deal with that steep or deep. Here! creep, Wretch, under a comfort serves in a whirlwind: all Life death does end and each day dies with sleep.Along the field as we came by A year ago, my love and I, The aspen over stile and stone Was talking to itself alone. "Oh who are these that kiss and pass? A country lover and his lass; Two lovers looking to be wed; And time shall put them both to bed, But she shall lie with earth above, And he beside another love." And sure enough beneath the tree There walks another love with me, And overhead the aspen heaves Its rainy-sounding silver leaves; And I spell nothing in their stir, But now perhaps they speak to her, And plain for her to understand They talk about a time at hand When I shall sleep with clover clad, And she beside another lad.On the idle hill of summer, ;  Sleepy with the flow of streams, Far I hear the steady drummer ;  Drumming like a noise in dreams. Far and near and low and louder ;  On the roads of earth go by, Dear to friends and food for powder, ;  Soldiers marching, all to die. East and west on fields forgotten ;  Bleach the bones of comrades slain, Lovely lads and dead and rotten; ;  None that go return again. Far the calling bugles hollo, ;  High the screaming fife replies, Gay the files of scarlet follow: ;  Woman bore me, I will rise.Others, I am not the first, Have willed more mischief than they durst: If in the breathless night I too Shiver now, 'tis nothing new. More than I, if truth were told, Have stood and sweated hot and cold, And through their reins in ice and fire Fear contended with desire. Agued once like me were they, But I like them shall win my way Lastly to the bed of mould Where there's neither heat nor cold. But from my grave across my brow Plays no wind of healing now, And fire and ice within me fight Beneath the suffocating night.When I watch the living meet, ;  And the moving pageant file Warm and breathing through the street ;  Where I lodge a little while, If the heats of hate and lust ;  In the house of flesh are strong, Let me mind the house of dust ;  Where my sojourn shall be long. In the nation that is not ;  Nothing stands that stood before; There revenges are forgot, ;  And the hater hates no more; Lovers lying two and two ;  Ask not whom they sleep beside, And the bridegroom all night through ;  Never turns him to the bride.I’ve known rivers: I’ve known rivers ancient as the world and older than the flow of human blood in human veins. My soul has grown deep like the rivers. I bathed in the Euphrates when dawns were young. I built my hut near the Congo and it lulled me to sleep. I looked upon the Nile and raised the pyramids above it. I heard the singing of the Mississippi when Abe Lincoln went down to New Orleans, and I’ve seen its muddy bosom turn all golden in the sunset. I’ve known rivers: Ancient, dusky rivers. My soul has grown deep like the rivers.It flows through old hushed Egypt and its sands,    Like some grave mighty thought threading a dream,    And times and things, as in that vision, seem
Keeping along it their eternal stands,—
Caves, pillars, pyramids, the shepherd bands    That roamed through the young world, the glory extreme    Of high Sesostris, and that southern beam,
The laughing queen that caught the world's great hands.
Then comes a mightier silence, stern and strong,
As of a world left empty of its throng,    And the void weighs on us; and then we wake,
And hear the fruitful stream lapsing along    Twixt villages, and think how we shall take    Our own calm journey on for human sake.Farewell, thou child of my right hand, and joy; My sin was too much hope of thee, lov'd boy. Seven years tho' wert lent to me, and I thee pay, Exacted by thy fate, on the just day. O, could I lose all father now! For why Will man lament the state he should envy? To have so soon 'scap'd world's and flesh's rage, And if no other misery, yet age? Rest in soft peace, and, ask'd, say, "Here doth lie Ben Jonson his best piece of poetry." For whose sake henceforth all his vows be such, As what he loves may never like too much.I now think Love is rather deaf than blind,   For else it could not be ; ;That she,   Whom I adore so much, should so slight me
And cast my love behind.
I'm sure my language to her was as sweet, ;And every close did meet ;In sentence of as subtle feet, ;As hath the youngest He
That sits in shadow of Apollo's tree. ;O, but my conscious fears, ; ;That fly my thoughts between, ; ;Tell me that she hath seen ;My hundred of gray hairs, ;Told seven and forty years   Read so much waste, as she cannot embrace   My mountain belly and my rocky face;
And all these through her eyes have stopp'd her ears.Drink to me only with thine eyes, ; ;And I will pledge with mine; Or leave a kiss but in the cup, ; ;And I’ll not look for wine. The thirst that from the soul doth rise ; ;Doth ask a drink divine; But might I of Jove’s nectar sup, ; ;I would not change for thine. I sent thee late a rosy wreath, ; ;Not so much honouring thee As giving it a hope, that there ; ;It could not withered be. But thou thereon didst only breathe, ; ;And sent’st it back to me; Since when it grows, and smells, I swear, ; ;Not of itself, but thee.If by dull rhymes our English must be chain'd,    And, like Andromeda, the Sonnet sweet Fetter'd, in spite of pained loveliness; Let us find out, if we must be constrain'd,    Sandals more interwoven and complete To fit the naked foot of poesy; Let us inspect the lyre, and weigh the stress Of every chord, and see what may be gain'd    By ear industrious, and attention meet: Misers of sound and syllable, no less    Than Midas of his coinage, let us be    Jealous of dead leaves in the bay wreath crown; So, if we may not let the Muse be free,    She will be bound with garlands of her own.Souls of Poets dead and gone,
What Elysium have ye known,
Happy field or mossy cavern,
Choicer than the Mermaid Tavern?
Have ye tippled drink more fine
Than mine host's Canary wine?
Or are fruits of Paradise
Sweeter than those dainty pies
Of venison? O generous food!
Drest as though bold Robin Hood
Would, with his maid Marian,
Sup and bowse from horn and can. ;I have heard that on a day
Mine host's sign-board flew away,
Nobody knew whither, till
An astrologer's old quill
To a sheepskin gave the story,
Said he saw you in your glory,
Underneath a new old sign
Sipping beverage divine,
And pledging with contented smack
The Mermaid in the Zodiac. ;Souls of Poets dead and gone,
What Elysium have ye known,
Happy field or mossy cavern,
Choicer than the Mermaid Tavern?Much have I travell'd in the realms of gold,  And many goodly states and kingdoms seen;  Round many western islands have I been
Which bards in fealty to Apollo hold.
Oft of one wide expanse had I been told  That deep-brow'd Homer ruled as his demesne;  Yet did I never breathe its pure serene
Till I heard Chapman speak out loud and bold:
Then felt I like some watcher of the skies  When a new planet swims into his ken;
Or like stout Cortez when with eagle eyes  He star'd at the Pacific—and all his men
Look'd at each other with a wild surmise—  Silent, upon a peak in Darien.O golden-tongued Romance with serene lute!    Fair plumed Syren! Queen of far away!    Leave melodizing on this wintry day, Shut up thine olden pages, and be mute: Adieu! for once again the fierce dispute,    Betwixt damnation and impassion'd clay    Must I burn through; once more humbly assay The bitter-sweet of this Shakespearian fruit. Chief Poet! and ye clouds of Albion,    Begetters of our deep eternal theme, When through the old oak forest I am gone,    Let me not wander in a barren dream, But when I am consumed in the fire, Give me new Phoenix wings to fly at my desire.To one who has been long in city pent, ; ;'Tis very sweet to look into the fair ; ;And open face of heaven,—to breathe a prayer Full in the smile of the blue firmament. Who is more happy, when, with heart's content, ; ;Fatigued he sinks into some pleasant lair ; ;Of wavy grass, and reads a debonair And gentle tale of love and languishment? Returning home at evening, with an ear ; ;Catching the notes of Philomel,—an eye Watching the sailing cloudlet's bright career, ; ;He mourns that day so soon has glided by: E'en like the passage of an angel's tear ; ;That falls through the clear ether silently.O soft embalmer of the still midnight, ; Shutting, with careful fingers and benign,Our gloom-pleas'd eyes, embower'd from the light, ; Enshaded in forgetfulness divine:O soothest Sleep! if so it please thee, close ; In midst of this thine hymn my willing eyes,Or wait the "Amen," ere thy poppy throws ; Around my bed its lulling charities.Then save me, or the passed day will shineUpon my pillow, breeding many woes,— ; Save me from curious Conscience, that still lordsIts strength for darkness, burrowing like a mole; ; Turn the key deftly in the oiled wards,And seal the hushed Casket of my Soul.Softly, in the dusk, a woman is singing to me; Taking me back down the vista of years, till I see A child sitting under the piano, in the boom of the tingling strings And pressing the small, poised feet of a mother who smiles as she sings. In spite of myself, the insidious mastery of song Betrays me back, till the heart of me weeps to belong To the old Sunday evenings at home, with winter outside And hymns in the cosy parlour, the tinkling piano our guide. So now it is vain for the singer to burst into clamour With the great black piano appassionato. The glamour Of childish days is upon me, my manhood is cast Down in the flood of remembrance, I weep like a child for the past.The young Endymion sleeps Endymion's sleep; ;  The shepherd-boy whose tale was left half told! ;  The solemn grove uplifts its shield of gold ;  To the red rising moon, and loud and deep The nightingale is singing from the steep; ;  It is midsummer, but the air is cold; ;  Can it be death? Alas, beside the fold ;  A shepherd's pipe lies shattered near his sheep. Lo! in the moonlight gleams a marble white, ;  On which I read: "Here lieth one whose name ;  Was writ in water." And was this the meed Of his sweet singing? Rather let me write: ;  "The smoking flax before it burst to flame ;  Was quenched by death, and broken the bruised reed."I pace the sounding sea-beach and behold ;  How the voluminous billows roll and run, ;  Upheaving and subsiding, while the sun ;  Shines through their sheeted emerald far unrolled, And the ninth wave, slow gathering fold by fold ;  All its loose-flowing garments into one, ;  Plunges upon the shore, and floods the dun ;  Pale reach of sands, and changes them to gold. So in majestic cadence rise and fall ;  The mighty undulations of thy song, ;  O sightless bard, England's Mæonides! And ever and anon, high over all ;  Uplifted, a ninth wave superb and strong, ;  Floods all the soul with its melodious seas.A vision as of crowded city streets, ;  With human life in endless overflow; ;  Thunder of thoroughfares; trumpets that blow ;  To battle; clamor, in obscure retreats, Of sailors landed from their anchored fleets; ;  Tolling of bells in turrets, and below ;  Voices of children, and bright flowers that throw ;  O'er garden-walls their intermingled sweets! This vision comes to me when I unfold ;  The volume of the Poet paramount, ;  Whom all the Muses loved, not one alone; — Into his hands they put the lyre of gold, ;  And, crowned with sacred laurel at their fount, ;  Placed him as Musagetes on their throne.Out of the bosom of the Air, ;  Out of the cloud-folds of her garments shaken, Over the woodlands brown and bare, ;  Over the harvest-fields forsaken, ; ;   Silent, and soft, and slow ; ;   Descends the snow. Even as our cloudy fancies take ;  Suddenly shape in some divine expression, Even as the troubled heart doth make ;  In the white countenance confession, ; ;   The troubled sky reveals ; ;   The grief it feels. This is the poem of the air, ;  Slowly in silent syllables recorded; This is the secret of despair, ;  Long in its cloudy bosom hoarded, ; ;   Now whispered and revealed ; ;   To wood and field.The tide rises, the tide falls, The twilight darkens, the curlew calls; Along the sea-sands damp and brown The traveller hastens toward the town, ;  And the tide rises, the tide falls. Darkness settles on roofs and walls, But the sea, the sea in the darkness calls; The little waves, with their soft, white hands, Efface the footprints in the sands, ;  And the tide rises, the tide falls. The morning breaks; the steeds in their stalls Stamp and neigh, as the hostler calls; The day returns, but nevermore Returns the traveller to the shore, ;  And the tide rises, the tide falls.If we must die, let it not be like hogs Hunted and penned in an inglorious spot, While round us bark the mad and hungry dogs, Making their mock at our accursèd lot. If we must die, O let us nobly die, So that our precious blood may not be shed In vain; then even the monsters we defy Shall be constrained to honor us though dead! O kinsmen! we must meet the common foe! Though far outnumbered let us show us brave, And for their thousand blows deal one death-blow! What though before us lies the open grave? Like men we’ll face the murderous, cowardly pack, Pressed to the wall, dying, but fighting back!To clasp you now and feel your head close-pressed, Scented and warm against my beating breast; To whisper soft and quivering your name, And drink the passion burning in your frame; To lie at full length, taut, with cheek to cheek, And tease your mouth with kisses till you speak Love words, mad words, dream words, sweet senseless words, Melodious like notes of mating birds; To hear you ask if I shall love always, And myself answer: Till the end of days; To feel your easeful sigh of happiness When on your trembling lips I murmur: Yes; It is so sweet. We know it is not true. What matters it? The night must shed her dew. We know it is not true, but it is sweet— The poem with this music is complete.By this he knew she wept with waking eyes:
That, at his hand's light quiver by her head,
The strange low sobs that shook their common bed
Were called into her with a sharp surprise,
And strangled mute, like little gaping snakes,
Dreadfully venomous to him. She lay
Stone-still, and the long darkness flowed away
With muffled pulses. Then, as midnight makes
Her giant heart of Memory and Tears
Drink the pale drug of silence, and so beat
Sleep's heavy measure, they from head to feet
Were moveless, looking through their dead black years,
By vain regret scrawled over the blank wall.
Like sculptured effigies they might be seen
Upon their marriage-tomb, the sword between;
Each wishing for the sword that severs all.It ended, and the morrow brought the task.
Her eyes were guilty gates, that let him in
By shutting all too zealous for their sin:
Each sucked a secret, and each wore a mask.
But, oh, the bitter taste her beauty had!
He sickened as at breath of poison-flowers:
A languid humour stole among the hours,
And if their smiles encountered, he went mad,
And raged deep inward, till the light was brown
Before his vision, and the world, forgot,
Looked wicked as some old dull murder-spot.
A star with lurid beams, she seemed to crown
The pit of infamy: and then again
He fainted on his vengefulness, and strove
To ape the magnanimity of love,
And smote himself, a shuddering heap of pain.What soul would bargain for a cure that brings
Contempt the nobler agony to kill?
Rather let me bear on the bitter ill,
And strike this rusty bosom with new stings!
It seems there is another veering fit
Since on a gold-haired lady's eyeballs pure,
I looked with little prospect of a cure,
The while her mouth's red bow loosed shafts of wit.
Just heaven! can it be true that jealousy
Has decked the woman thus? and does her head
Swim somewhat for possessions forfeited?
Madam, you teach me many things that be.
I open an old book, and there I find
That "Women still may love whom they deceive."
Such love I prize not, madam: by your leave,
The game you play at is not to my mind.In our old shipwrecked days there was an hour,
When in the firelight steadily aglow,
Joined slackly, we beheld the red chasm grow
Among the clicking coals. Our library-bower
That eve was left to us: and hushed we sat
As lovers to whom Time is whispering.
From sudden-opened doors we heard them sing:
The nodding elders mixed good wine with chat.
Well knew we that Life's greatest treasure lay
With us, and of it was our talk. "Ah, yes!
Love dies!" I said: I never thought it less.
She yearned to me that sentence to unsay.
Then when the fire domed blackening, I found
Her cheek was salt against my kiss, and swift
Up the sharp scale of sobs her breast did lift:—
Now am I haunted by that taste! that sound!I am not of those miserable males
Who sniff at vice and, daring not to snap,
Do therefore hope for heaven. I take the hap
Of all my deeds. The wind that fills my sails
Propels; but I am helmsman. Am I wrecked,
I know the devil has sufficient weight
To bear: I lay it not on him, or fate.
Besides, he's damned. That man I do suspect
A coward, who would burden the poor deuce
With what ensues from his own slipperiness.
I have just found a wanton-scented tress
In an old desk, dusty for lack of use.
Of days and nights it is demonstrative,
That, like some aged star, gleam luridly.
If for those times I must ask charity,
Have I not any charity to give?What may the woman labour to confess?
There is about her mouth a nervous twitch.
'Tis something to be told, or hidden:—which?
I get a glimpse of hell in this mild guess.
She has desires of touch, as if to feel
That all the household things are things she knew.
She stops before the glass. What sight in view?
A face that seems the latest to reveal!
For she turns from it hastily, and tossed
Irresolute, steals shadow-like to where
I stand; and wavering pale before me there,
Her tears fall still as oak-leaves after frost.
She will not speak. I will not ask. We are
League-sundered by the silent gulf between.
Yon burly lovers on the village green,
Yours is a lower, and a happier star!Madam would speak with me. So, now it comes:
The Deluge or else Fire! She's well, she thanks
My husbandship. Our chain on silence clanks.
Time leers between, above his twiddling thumbs.
Am I quite well? Most excellent in health!
The journals, too, I diligently peruse.
Vesuvius is expected to give news:
Niagara is no noisier. By stealth
Our eyes dart scrutinizing snakes. She's glad
I'm happy, says her quivering under-lip.
"And are not you?" "How can I be?" "Take ship!
For happiness is somewhere to be had."
"Nowhere for me!" Her voice is barely heard.
I am not melted, and make no pretence.
With commonplace I freeze her, tongue and sense.
Niagara or Vesuvius is deferred.Love ere he bleeds, an eagle in high skies,
Has earth beneath his wings: from reddened eve
He views the rosy dawn. In vain they weave
The fatal web below while far he flies.
But when the arrow strikes him, there's a change.
He moves but in the track of his spent pain,
Whose red drops are the links of a harsh chain,
Binding him to the ground, with narrow range.
A subtle serpent then has Love become.
I had the eagle in my bosom erst:
Henceforward with the serpent I am cursed.
I can interpret where the mouth is dumb.
Speak, and I see the side-lie of a truth.
Perchance my heart may pardon you this deed:
But be no coward:—you that made Love bleed,
You must bear all the venom of his tooth!At last we parley: we so strangely dumb
In such a close communion! It befell
About the sounding of the Matin-bell,
And lo! her place was vacant, and the hum
Of loneliness was round me. Then I rose,
And my disordered brain did guide my foot
To that old wood where our first love-salute
Was interchanged: the source of many throes!
There did I see her, not alone. I moved
Toward her, and made proffer of my arm.
She took it simply, with no rude alarm;
And that disturbing shadow passed reproved.
I felt the pained speech coming, and declared
My firm belief in her, ere she could speak.
A ghastly morning came into her cheek,
While with a widening soul on me she stared.Thus piteously Love closed what he begat:
The union of this ever-diverse pair!
These two were rapid falcons in a snare,
Condemned to do the flitting of the bat.
Lovers beneath the singing sky of May,
They wandered once; clear as the dew on flowers:
But they fed not on the advancing hours:
Their hearts held cravings for the buried day.
Then each applied to each that fatal knife,
Deep questioning, which probes to endless dole.
Ah, what a dusty answer gets the soul
When hot for certainties in this our life!—
In tragic hints here see what evermore
Moves dark as yonder midnight ocean's force,
Thundering like ramping hosts of warrior horse,
To throw that faint thin line upon the shore!On the Lord General Fairfax at the Siege of Colchester    Fairfax, whose name in arms through Europe rings ;  Filling each mouth with envy, or with praise, ;  And all her jealous monarchs with amaze ;  And rumours loud, that daunt remotest kings; Thy firm unshak'n virtue ever brings ;  Victory home, though new rebellions raise ;  Their hydra heads, and the false north displays ;  Her brok'n league, to imp their serpent wings: O yet a nobler task awaits thy hand; ;  For what can war but endless war still breed? ;  Till Truth and Right from Violence be freed, And Public Faith clear'd from the shameful brand ;  Of Public Fraud. In vain doth Valour bleed ;  While Avarice and Rapine share the land.There's a place I know where the birds swing low, ;  And wayward vines go roaming, Where the lilacs nod, and a marble god ;  Is pale, in scented gloaming. And at sunset there comes a lady fair ;  Whose eyes are deep with yearning. By an old, old gate does the lady wait ;  Her own true love's returning. But the days go by, and the lilacs die, ;  And trembling birds seek cover; Yet the lady stands, with her long white hands ;  Held out to greet her lover. And it's there she'll stay till the shadowy day ;  A monument they grave her. She will always wait by the same old gate, — ;  The gate her true love gave her.I shall not go with pain
Whether you hold me, whether you forget
My little loss and my immortal gain.
O flower unseen, O fountain sealed apart!
Give me one look, one look remembering yet,
Sweet heart.
I shall not go with grief,
Whether you call me, whether you deny
The crowning vintage and the golden sheaf.
O, April hopes that blossom but to close!
Give me one look, one look and so good-bye,
Red rose.
I shall not go with sighs,
But as full-crowned the warrior leaves the fight,
Dawn on his shield and death upon his eyes.
O, life so bitter-sweet and heaven so far!
Give me one look, one look and so good night,
My star.They are all gone away,    The House is shut and still,
There is nothing more to say.
Through broken walls and gray    The winds blow bleak and shrill:
They are all gone away.
Nor is there one to-day    To speak them good or ill:
There is nothing more to say.
Why is it then we stray    Around the sunken sill?
They are all gone away,
And our poor fancy-play    For them is wasted skill:
There is nothing more to say.
There is ruin and decay    In the House on the Hill:
They are all gone away,
There is nothing more to say.Because he was a butcher and thereby Did earn an honest living (and did right), I would not have you think that Reuben Bright Was any more a brute than you or I; For when they told him that his wife must die, He stared at them, and shook with grief and fright, And cried like a great baby half that night, And made the women cry to see him cry. And after she was dead, and he had paid The singers and the sexton and the rest, He packed a lot of things that she had made Most mournfully away in an old chest Of hers, and put some chopped-up cedar boughs In with them, and tore down the slaughter-house.Whenever Richard Cory went down town, We people on the pavement looked at him: He was a gentleman from sole to crown, Clean favored, and imperially slim. And he was always quietly arrayed, And he was always human when he talked; But still he fluttered pulses when he said, "Good-morning," and he glittered when he walked. And he was rich—yes, richer than a king— And admirably schooled in every grace: In fine, we thought that he was everything To make us wish that we were in his place. So on we worked, and waited for the light, And went without the meat, and cursed the bread; And Richard Cory, one calm summer night, Went home and put a bullet through his head.Since Persia fell at Marathon,    The yellow years have gathered fast:
Long centuries have come and gone.
And yet (they say) the place will don    A phantom fury of the past,
Since Persia fell at Marathon;
And as of old, when Helicon    Trembled and swayed with rapture vast
(Long centuries have come and gone),
This ancient plain, when night comes on,    Shakes to a ghostly battle-blast,
Since Persia fell at Marathon.
But into soundless Acheron    The glory of Greek shame was cast:
Long centuries have come and gone,
The suns of Hellas have all shone,    The first has fallen to the last:—
Since Persia fell at Marathon,
Long centuries have come and gone.Remember me when I am gone away, ; ;Gone far away into the silent land; ; ;When you can no more hold me by the hand, Nor I half turn to go yet turning stay. Remember me when no more day by day ; ;You tell me of our future that you plann'd: ; ;Only remember me; you understand It will be late to counsel then or pray. Yet if you should forget me for a while ; ;And afterwards remember, do not grieve: ; ;For if the darkness and corruption leave ; ;A vestige of the thoughts that once I had, Better by far you should forget and smile ; ;Than that you should remember and be sad.Your hands lie open in the long fresh grass,—    The finger-points look through like rosy blooms:    Your eyes smile peace. The pasture gleams and glooms 'Neath billowing skies that scatter and amass. All round our nest, far as the eye can pass,    Are golden kingcup fields with silver edge    Where the cow-parsley skirts the hawthorn-hedge. 'Tis visible silence, still as the hour-glass. Deep in the sun-searched growths the dragon-fly Hangs like a blue thread loosened from the sky:—    So this wing'd hour is dropt to us from above. Oh! clasp we to our hearts, for deathless dower, This close-companioned inarticulate hour    When twofold silence was the song of love.Sometimes she is a child within mine arms, ; Cowering beneath dark wings that love must chase,— ; With still tears showering and averted face,
Inexplicably fill'd with faint alarms:
And oft from mine own spirit's hurtling harms ; I crave the refuge of her deep embrace,— ; Against all ills the fortified strong place
And sweet reserve of sovereign counter-charms.
And Love, our light at night and shade at noon, ; Lulls us to rest with songs, and turns away ; All shafts of shelterless tumultuous day.
Like the moon's growth, his face gleams through his tune;
And as soft waters warble to the moon, ; Our answering spirits chime one roundelay.Not in thy body is thy life at all ; But in this lady's lips and hands and eyes; ; Through these she yields thee life that vivifies
What else were sorrow's servant and death's thrall.
Look on thyself without her, and recall ; The waste remembrance and forlorn surmise ; That liv'd but in a dead-drawn breath of sighs
O'er vanish'd hours and hours eventual.
Even so much life hath the poor tress of hair ; Which, stor'd apart, is all love hath to show ; For heart-beats and for fire-heats long ago;
Even so much life endures unknown, even where, ; 'Mid change the changeless night environeth, ; Lies all that golden hair undimm'd in death.From child to youth; from youth to arduous man; ; From lethargy to fever of the heart; ; From faithful life to dream-dower'd days apart;
From trust to doubt; from doubt to brink of ban;—
Thus much of change in one swift cycle ran ; Till now. Alas, the soul!—how soon must she ; Accept her primal immortality,—
The flesh resume its dust whence it began?
O Lord of work and peace! O Lord of life! ; O Lord, the awful Lord of will! though late, ; Even yet renew this soul with duteous breath:
That when the peace is garner'd in from strife, ; The work retriev'd, the will regenerate, ; This soul may see thy face, O Lord of death!Eat thou and drink; to-morrow thou shalt die. ; Surely the earth, that's wise being very old, ; Needs not our help. Then loose me, love, and hold
Thy sultry hair up from my face; that I
May pour for thee this golden wine, brim-high, ; Till round the glass thy fingers glow like gold. ; We'll drown all hours: thy song, while hours are toll'd,
Shall leap, as fountains veil the changing sky.
Now kiss, and think that there are really those, ; My own high-bosom'd beauty, who increase ; ; Vain gold, vain lore, and yet might choose our way! ; ; Through many years they toil; then on a day ; They die not,—for their life was death,—but cease;
And round their narrow lips the mould falls close.Watch thou and fear; to-morrow thou shalt die. ; Or art thou sure thou shalt have time for death? ; Is not the day which God's word promiseth
To come man knows not when? In yonder sky,
Now while we speak, the sun speeds forth: can I ; Or thou assure him of his goal? God's breath ; Even at this moment haply quickeneth
The air to a flame; till spirits, always nigh
Though screen'd and hid, shall walk the daylight here. ; And dost thou prate of all that man shall do? ; ; Canst thou, who hast but plagues, presume to be ; ; Glad in his gladness that comes after thee? ; Will his strength slay thy worm in Hell? Go to:
Cover thy countenance, and watch, and fear.Think thou and act; to-morrow thou shalt die ; Outstretch'd in the sun's warmth upon the shore, ; Thou say'st: "Man's measur'd path is all gone o'er:
Up all his years, steeply, with strain and sigh,
Man clomb until he touch'd the truth; and I, ; Even I, am he whom it was destin'd for." ; How should this be? Art thou then so much more
Than they who sow'd, that thou shouldst reap thereby?
Nay, come up hither. From this wave-wash'd mound ; Unto the furthest flood-brim look with me;
Then reach on with thy thought till it be drown'd. ; Miles and miles distant though the last line be,
And though thy soul sail leagues and leagues beyond,— ; Still, leagues beyond those leagues, there is more sea.Look in my face; my name is Might-have-been; ; I am also call'd No-more, Too-late, Farewell; ; Unto thine ear I hold the dead-sea shell
Cast up thy Life's foam-fretted feet between;
Unto thine eyes the glass where that is seen ; Which had Life's form and Love's, but by my spell ; Is now a shaken shadow intolerable,
Of ultimate things unutter'd the frail screen.
Mark me, how still I am! But should there dart ; One moment through thy soul the soft surprise ; Of that wing'd Peace which lulls the breath of sighs,—
Then shalt thou see me smile, and turn apart
Thy visage to mine ambush at thy heart ; Sleepless with cold commemorative eyes.This is that blessed Mary, pre-elect ; God's Virgin. Gone is a great while, and she ; Dwelt young in Nazareth of Galilee.
Unto God's will she brought devout respect,
Profound simplicity of intellect, ; And supreme patience. From her mother's knee ; Faithful and hopeful; wise in charity;
Strong in grave peace; in pity circumspect.
So held she through her girlhood; as it were ; An angel-water'd lily, that near God ; ; Grows and is quiet. Till, one dawn at home,
She woke in her white bed, and had no fear ; At all,—yet wept till sunshine, and felt aw'd: ; ; Because the fulness of the time was come.I have been here before, ; ; But when or how I cannot tell: ; I know the grass beyond the door, ; ; The sweet keen smell,
The sighing sound, the lights around the shore. ; You have been mine before,— ; ; How long ago I may not know: ; But just when at that swallow's soar ; ; Your neck turn'd so,
Some veil did fall,—I knew it all of yore. ; Has this been thus before? ; ; And shall not thus time's eddying flight ; Still with our lives our love restore ; ; In death's despite,
And day and night yield one delight once more?THERE are no handles upon a language Whereby men take hold of it And mark it with signs for its remembrance. It is a river, this language, Once in a thousand years Breaking a new course Changing its way to the ocean. It is mountain effluvia Moving to valleys And from nation to nation Crossing borders and mixing. Languages die like rivers. Words wrapped round your tongue today And broken to shape of thought Between your teeth and lips speaking Now and today Shall be faded hieroglyphics Ten thousand years from now. Sing—and singing—remember Your song dies and changes And is not here to-morrow Any more than the wind Blowing ten thousand years ago.When I consider everything that grows Holds in perfection but a little moment, That this huge stage presenteth nought but shows Whereon the stars in secret influence comment; When I perceive that men as plants increase, Cheered and check'd even by the selfsame sky, Vaunt in their youthful sap, at height decrease, And wear their brave state out of memory; Then the conceit of this inconstant stay Sets you most rich in youth before my sight, Where wasteful Time debateth with Decay To change your day of youth to sullied night; And all in war with Time for love of you, As he takes from you, I engraft you new.Devouring Time, blunt thou the lion's paws, And make the earth devour her own sweet brood; Pluck the keen teeth from the fierce tiger's jaws, And burn the long-liv'd Phoenix in her blood; Make glad and sorry seasons as thou fleets, And do whate'er thou wilt, swift-footed Time, To the wide world and all her fading sweets; But I forbid thee one more heinous crime: O, carve not with the hours my love's fair brow, Nor draw no lines there with thine antique pen! Him in thy course untainted do allow For beauty's pattern to succeeding men. Yet do thy worst, old Time! Despite thy wrong My love shall in my verse ever live young.Let those who are in favour with their stars Of public honour and proud titles boast, Whilst I, whom fortune of such triumph bars, Unlook'd for joy in that I honour most. Great princes' favourites their fair leaves spread But as the marigold at the sun's eye, And in themselves their pride lies buried, For at a frown they in their glory die. The painful warrior famoused for fight, After a thousand victories once foil'd, Is from the book of honour razed quite, And all the rest forgot for which he toil'd: Then happy I, that love and am beloved Where I may not remove nor be removed.When, in disgrace with fortune and men’s eyes, I all alone beweep my outcast state, And trouble deaf heaven with my bootless cries, And look upon myself and curse my fate, Wishing me like to one more rich in hope, Featured like him, like him with friends possessed, Desiring this man’s art and that man’s scope, With what I most enjoy contented least; Yet in these thoughts myself almost despising, Haply I think on thee, and then my state, (Like to the lark at break of day arising From sullen earth) sings hymns at heaven’s gate; ;   For thy sweet love remembered such wealth brings ;   That then I scorn to change my state with kings.When to the sessions of sweet silent thought I summon up remembrance of things past, I sigh the lack of many a thing I sought, And with old woes new wail my dear time's waste: Then can I drown an eye, unus'd to flow, For precious friends hid in death's dateless night, And weep afresh love's long since cancell'd woe, And moan th' expense of many a vanish'd sight; Then can I grieve at grievances foregone, And heavily from woe to woe tell o'er The sad account of fore-bemoaned moan, Which I new pay as if not paid before. But if the while I think on thee, dear friend, All losses are restor'd, and sorrows end.If thou survive my well-contented day, When that churl Death my bones with dust shall cover, And shalt by fortune once more re-survey These poor rude lines of thy deceased lover, Compare them with the bettering of the time, And though they be outstripp'd by every pen, Reserve them for my love, not for their rhyme, Exceeded by the height of happier men. O then vouchsafe me but this loving thought: "Had my friend's Muse grown with this growing age A dearer birth than this his love had brought, To march in ranks of better equipage: But since he died and poets better prove, Theirs for their style I'll read, his for his love."Full many a glorious morning have I seen Flatter the mountain-tops with sovereign eye, Kissing with golden face the meadows green, Gilding pale streams with heavenly alchemy; Anon permit the basest clouds to ride With ugly rack on his celestial face And from the forlorn world his visage hide, Stealing unseen to west with this disgrace. Even so my sun one early morn did shine With all-triumphant splendour on my brow; But out, alack! he was but one hour mine; The region cloud hath mask'd him from me now. Yet him for this my love no whit disdaineth; Suns of the world may stain when heaven's sun staineth.What is your substance, whereof are you made, That millions of strange shadows on you tend? Since every one hath, every one, one shade, And you, but one, can every shadow lend. Describe Adonis, and the counterfeit Is poorly imitated after you; On Helen's cheek all art of beauty set, And you in Grecian tires are painted new. Speak of the spring and foison of the year: The one doth shadow of your beauty show, The other as your bounty doth appear; And you in every blessèd shape we know. ;In all external grace you have some part, ;But you like none, none you, for constant heart.Like as the waves make towards the pebbl'd shore, So do our minutes hasten to their end; Each changing place with that which goes before, In sequent toil all forwards do contend. Nativity, once in the main of light, Crawls to maturity, wherewith being crown'd, Crooked eclipses 'gainst his glory fight, And Time that gave doth now his gift confound. Time doth transfix the flourish set on youth And delves the parallels in beauty's brow, Feeds on the rarities of nature's truth, And nothing stands but for his scythe to mow: And yet to times in hope my verse shall stand, Praising thy worth, despite his cruel hand.When I have seen by Time's fell hand defac'd The rich proud cost of outworn buried age; When sometime lofty towers I see down-ras'd And brass eternal slave to mortal rage; When I have seen the hungry ocean gain Advantage on the kingdom of the shore, And the firm soil win of the wat'ry main, Increasing store with loss and loss with store; When I have seen such interchange of state, Or state itself confounded to decay; Ruin hath taught me thus to ruminate, That Time will come and take my love away. This thought is as a death, which cannot choose But weep to have that which it fears to lose.No longer mourn for me when I am dead Than you shall hear the surly sullen bell Give warning to the world that I am fled From this vile world with vilest worms to dwell;  Nay, if you read this line, remember not The hand that writ it; for I love you so,  That I in your sweet thoughts would be forgot,  If thinking on me then should make you woe. O, if (I say) you look upon this verse,  When I (perhaps) compounded am with clay, Do not so much as my poor name rehearse, But let your love even with my life decay, Lest the wise world should look into your moan,  And mock you with me after I am gone.That time of year thou mayst in me behold When yellow leaves, or none, or few, do hang Upon those boughs which shake against the cold, Bare ruin'd choirs, where late the sweet birds sang. In me thou see'st the twilight of such day As after sunset fadeth in the west, Which by and by black night doth take away, Death's second self, that seals up all in rest. In me thou see'st the glowing of such fire That on the ashes of his youth doth lie, As the death-bed whereon it must expire, Consum'd with that which it was nourish'd by. This thou perceiv'st, which makes thy love more strong, To love that well which thou must leave ere long.They that have power to hurt and will do none, That do not do the thing they most do show, Who, moving others, are themselves as stone, Unmoved, cold, and to temptation slow: They rightly do inherit heaven's graces And husband nature's riches from expense; They are the lords and owners of their faces, Others but stewards of their excellence. The summer's flower is to the summer sweet Though to itself it only live and die, But if that flower with base infection meet, The basest weed outbraves his dignity: For sweetest things turn sourest by their deeds; Lilies that fester smell far worse than weeds.How like a winter hath my absence been From thee, the pleasure of the fleeting year! What freezings have I felt, what dark days seen! What old December's bareness everywhere! And yet this time remov'd was summer's time, The teeming autumn, big with rich increase, Bearing the wanton burthen of the prime, Like widow'd wombs after their lords' decease: Yet this abundant issue seem'd to me But hope of orphans and unfather'd fruit; For summer and his pleasures wait on thee, And thou away, the very birds are mute; Or if they sing, 'tis with so dull a cheer That leaves look pale, dreading the winter's near.When in the chronicle of wasted time I see descriptions of the fairest wights, And beauty making beautiful old rhyme In praise of ladies dead and lovely knights, Then, in the blazon of sweet beauty's best, Of hand, of foot, of lip, of eye, of brow, I see their antique pen would have express'd Even such a beauty as you master now. So all their praises are but prophecies Of this our time, all you prefiguring; And, for they look'd but with divining eyes, They had not skill enough your worth to sing: For we, which now behold these present days, Have eyes to wonder, but lack tongues to praise.Not mine own fears, nor the prophetic soul Of the wide world dreaming on things to come, Can yet the lease of my true love control, Suppos'd as forfeit to a confin'd doom. The mortal moon hath her eclipse endur'd And the sad augurs mock their own presage; Incertainties now crown themselves assur'd And peace proclaims olives of endless age. Now with the drops of this most balmy time My love looks fresh, and Death to me subscribes, Since, spite of him, I'll live in this poor rhyme, While he insults o'er dull and speechless tribes; And thou in this shalt find thy monument, When tyrants' crests and tombs of brass are spent.Alas, 'tis true I have gone here and there And made myself a motley to the view, Gor'd mine own thoughts, sold cheap what is most dear, Made old offences of affections new. Most true it is that I have look'd on truth Askance and strangely: but, by all above, These blenches gave my heart another youth, And worse essays prov'd thee my best of love. Now all is done, have what shall have no end! Mine appetite, I never more will grind On newer proof, to try an older friend, A god in love, to whom I am confin'd. Then give me welcome, next my heaven the best, Even to thy pure and most most loving breast.O, for my sake do you with Fortune chide, The guilty goddess of my harmful deeds, That did not better for my life provide Than public means which public manners breeds. Thence comes it that my name receives a brand, And almost thence my nature is subdu'd To what it works in, like the dyer's hand. Pity me then and wish I were renew'd; Whilst, like a willing patient, I will drink Potions of eisel 'gainst my strong infection; No bitterness that I will bitter think, Nor double penance, to correct correction. Pity me then, dear friend, and I assure ye Even that your pity is enough to cure me.Let me not to the marriage of true minds Admit impediments. Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds, Or bends with the remover to remove. O no! it is an ever-fixed mark That looks on tempests and is never shaken; It is the star to every wand'ring bark, Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken. Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks Within his bending sickle's compass come; Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, But bears it out even to the edge of doom. If this be error and upon me prov'd, I never writ, nor no man ever lov'd.Th' expense of spirit in a waste of shame Is lust in action; and till action, lust Is perjured, murd'rous, bloody, full of blame, Savage, extreme, rude, cruel, not to trust, Enjoyed no sooner but despisèd straight, Past reason hunted; and, no sooner had Past reason hated as a swallowed bait On purpose laid to make the taker mad; Mad in pursuit and in possession so, Had, having, and in quest to have, extreme; A bliss in proof and proved, a very woe; Before, a joy proposed; behind, a dream. ;All this the world well knows; yet none knows well ;To shun the heaven that leads men to this hell.My mistress' eyes are nothing like the sun; Coral is far more red than her lips' red; If snow be white, why then her breasts are dun; If hairs be wires, black wires grow on her head. I have seen roses damasked, red and white, But no such roses see I in her cheeks; And in some perfumes is there more delight Than in the breath that from my mistress reeks. I love to hear her speak, yet well I know That music hath a far more pleasing sound; I grant I never saw a goddess go; My mistress, when she walks, treads on the ground.    And yet, by heaven, I think my love as rare    As any she belied with false compare.Poor soul, the centre of my sinful earth, [......] these rebel powers that thee array, Why dost thou pine within and suffer dearth, Painting thy outward walls so costly gay? Why so large cost, having so short a lease, Dost thou upon thy fading mansion spend? Shall worms, inheritors of this excess, Eat up thy charge? Is this thy body's end? Then soul, live thou upon thy servant's loss And let that pine to aggravate thy store; Buy terms divine in selling hours of dross; Within be fed, without be rich no more. So shalt thou feed on Death, that feeds on men, And, Death once dead, there's no more dying then.I arise from dreams of thee
In the first sweet sleep of night,
When the winds are breathing low,
And the stars are shining bright:
I arise from dreams of thee,
And a spirit in my feet
Hath led me—who knows how?
To thy chamber window, Sweet!  The wandering airs they faint
On the dark, the silent stream—
The Champak odours fail
Like sweet thoughts in a dream;
The Nightingale's complaint,
It dies upon her heart;—
As I must on thine,
Oh, belovèd as thou art!  Oh lift me from the grass!
I die! I faint! I fail!
Let thy love in kisses rain
On my lips and eyelids pale.
My cheek is cold and white, alas!
My heart beats loud and fast;—
Oh! press it to thine own again,
Where it will break at last.The flower that smiles to-day ; ; To-morrow dies; All that we wish to stay ; ; Tempts and then flies. What is this world's delight? Lightning that mocks the night, ; ; Brief even as bright.    Virtue, how frail it is! ; ; Friendship how rare! Love, how it sells poor bliss ; ; For proud despair! But we, though soon they fall, Survive their joy, and all ; ; Which ours we call.    Whilst skies are blue and bright, ; ; Whilst flowers are gay, Whilst eyes that change ere night ; ; Make glad the day; Whilst yet the calm hours creep, Dream thou—and from thy sleep ; ; Then wake to weep.Like the ghost of a dear friend dead ;  Is Time long past.
A tone which is now forever fled,
A hope which is now forever past,
A love so sweet it could not last, ;  Was Time long past.  There were sweet dreams in the night ;  Of Time long past:
And, was it sadness or delight,
Each day a shadow onward cast
Which made us wish it yet might last— ;  That Time long past.  There is regret, almost remorse, ;  For Time long past.
'Tis like a child's belovèd corse
A father watches, till at last
Beauty is like remembrance, cast ;  From Time long past.One word is too often profaned    For me to profane it,
One feeling too falsely disdained    For thee to disdain it;
One hope is too like despair    For prudence to smother,
And pity from thee more dear    Than that from another.  I can give not what men call love,    But wilt thou accept not
The worship the heart lifts above    And the Heavens reject not,—
The desire of the moth for the star,    Of the night for the morrow,
The devotion to something afar    From the sphere of our sorrow?from Certain Sonnets    Leave me, O Love, which reachest but to dust; And thou, my mind, aspire to higher things; Grow rich in that which never taketh rust; Whatever fades but fading pleasure brings. Draw in thy beams and humble all thy might To that sweet yoke where lasting freedoms be; Which breaks the clouds and opens forth the light, That doth both shine and give us sight to see. O take fast hold; let that light be thy guide In this small course which birth draws out to death, And think how evil becometh him to slide, Who seeketh heav'n, and comes of heav'nly breath. Then farewell, world; thy uttermost I see: Eternal Love, maintain thy life in me.My true-love hath my heart and I have his, By just exchange one for the other given: I hold his dear, and mine he cannot miss; There never was a bargain better driven. His heart in me keeps me and him in one; My heart in him his thoughts and senses guides: He loves my heart, for once it was his own; I cherish his because in me it bides. His heart his wound received from my sight; My heart was wounded with his wounded heart; For as from me on him his hurt did light, So still, methought, in me his hurt did smart: Both equal hurt, in this change sought our bliss, My true love hath my heart and I have his.; Stella this Day is thirty four, (We won't dispute a Year or more) However Stella, be not troubled, Although thy Size and Years are doubled, Since first I saw Thee at Sixteen The brightest Virgin of the Green, So little is thy Form declin'd Made up so largely in thy Mind. Oh, would it please the Gods to split Thy Beauty, Size, and Years, and Wit, No Age could furnish out a Pair Of Nymphs so gracefull, Wise and fair With half the Lustre of Your Eyes, With half thy Wit, thy Years and Size: And then before it grew too late, How should I beg of gentle Fate, (That either Nymph might have her Swain,) To split my Worship too in twain.A roundel is wrought as a ring or a starbright sphere, ;  With craft of delight and with cunning of sound unsought, That the heart of the hearer may smile if to pleasure his ear ;  A roundel is wrought. Its jewel of music is carven of all or of aught— ;  Love, laughter, or mourning—remembrance of rapture or fear— That fancy may fashion to hang in the ear of thought. As a bird's quick song runs round, and the hearts in us hear ;  Pause answer to pause, and again the same strain caught, So moves the device whence, round as a pearl or tear, ;  A roundel is wrought.TWINKLE, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are ! Up above the world so high, Like a diamond in the sky. When the blazing sun is gone, When he nothing shines upon, Then you show your little light, Twinkle, twinkle, all the night. Then the trav'ller in the dark, Thanks you for your tiny spark, He could not see which way to go, If you did not twinkle so. In the dark blue sky you keep, And often thro' my curtains peep, For you never shut your eye, Till the sun is in the sky. 'Tis your bright and tiny spark, Lights the trav'ller in the dark : Tho' I know not what you are, Twinkle, twinkle, little star.Turn, Fortune, turn thy wheel, and lower the proud; Turn thy wild wheel thro' sunshine, storm, and cloud; Thy wheel and thee we neither love nor hate. ; ;Turn, Fortune, turn thy wheel with smile or frown; With that wild wheel we go not up or down; Our hoard is little, but our hearts are great. ; ;Smile and we smile, the lords of many lands; Frown and we smile, the lords of our own hands; For man is man and master of his fate. ; ;Turn, turn thy wheel above the staring crowd; Thy wheel and thou are shadows in the cloud; Thy wheel and thee we neither love nor hate.Old Yew, which graspest at the stones ; ;That name the under-lying dead, ; ;Thy fibres net the dreamless head, Thy roots are wrapt about the bones. The seasons bring the flower again, ; ;And bring the firstling to the flock; ; ;And in the dusk of thee, the clock Beats out the little lives of men. O not for thee the glow, the bloom, ; ;Who changest not in any gale, ; ;Nor branding summer suns avail To touch thy thousand years of gloom: And gazing on thee, sullen tree, ; ;Sick for thy stubborn hardihood, ; ;I seem to fail from out my blood And grow incorporate into thee.O Sorrow, cruel fellowship, ; ;O Priestess in the vaults of Death, ; ;O sweet and bitter in a breath, What whispers from thy lying lip? "The stars," she whispers, "blindly run; ; ;A web is wov'n across the sky; ; ;From out waste places comes a cry, And murmurs from the dying sun: "And all the phantom, Nature, stands— ; ;With all the music in her tone, ; ;A hollow echo of my own,— A hollow form with empty hands." And shall I take a thing so blind, ; ;Embrace her as my natural good; ; ;Or crush her, like a vice of blood, Upon the threshold of the mind?To-night the winds begin to rise ; ;And roar from yonder dropping day: ; ;The last red leaf is whirl'd away, The rooks are blown about the skies; The forest crack'd, the waters curl'd, ; ;The cattle huddled on the lea; ; ;And wildly dash'd on tower and tree The sunbeam strikes along the world: And but for fancies, which aver ; ;That all thy motions gently pass ; ;Athwart a plane of molten glass, I scarce could brook the strain and stir That makes the barren branches loud; ; ;And but for fear it is not so, ; ;The wild unrest that lives in woe Would dote and pore on yonder cloud That rises upward always higher, ; ;And onward drags a labouring breast, ; ;And topples round the dreary west, A looming bastion fringed with fire.I envy not in any moods ; ;The captive void of noble rage, ; ;The linnet born within the cage, That never knew the summer woods: I envy not the beast that takes ; ;His license in the field of time, ; ;Unfetter'd by the sense of crime, To whom a conscience never wakes; Nor, what may count itself as blest, ; ;The heart that never plighted troth ; ;But stagnates in the weeds of sloth; Nor any want-begotten rest. I hold it true, whate'er befall; ; ;I feel it, when I sorrow most; ; ;'Tis better to have loved and lost Than never to have loved at all.How fares it with the happy dead? ; ;For here the man is more and more; ; ;But he forgets the days before God shut the doorways of his head. The days have vanish'd, tone and tint, ; ;And yet perhaps the hoarding sense ; ;Gives out at times (he knows not whence) A little flash, a mystic hint; And in the long harmonious years ; ;(If Death so taste Lethean springs), ; ;May some dim touch of earthly things Surprise thee ranging with thy peers. If such a dreamy touch should fall, ; ;O turn thee round, resolve the doubt; ; ;My guardian angel will speak out In that high place, and tell thee all.The baby new to earth and sky, ; ;What time his tender palm is prest ; ;Against the circle of the breast, Has never thought that "this is I": But as he grows he gathers much, ; ;And learns the use of "I," and "me," ; ;And finds "I am not what I see, And other than the things I touch." So rounds he to a separate mind ; ;From whence clear memory may begin, ; ;As thro' the frame that binds him in His isolation grows defined. This use may lie in blood and breath ; ;Which else were fruitless of their due, ; ;Had man to learn himself anew Beyond the second birth of Death.When on my bed the moonlight falls, ; ;I know that in thy place of rest ; ;By that broad water of the west, There comes a glory on the walls: Thy marble bright in dark appears, ; ;As slowly steals a silver flame ; ;Along the letters of thy name, And o'er the number of thy years. The mystic glory swims away; ; ;From off my bed the moonlight dies; ; ;And closing eaves of wearied eyes I sleep till dusk is dipt in gray: And then I know the mist is drawn ; ;A lucid veil from coast to coast, ; ;And in the dark church like a ghost Thy tablet glimmers to the dawn.Again at Christmas did we weave ; ;The holly round the Christmas hearth; ; ;The silent snow possess'd the earth, And calmly fell our Christmas-eve: The yule-log sparkled keen with frost, ; ;No wing of wind the region swept, ; ;But over all things brooding slept The quiet sense of something lost. As in the winters left behind, ; ;Again our ancient games had place, ; ;The mimic picture's breathing grace, And dance and song and hoodman-blind. Who show'd a token of distress? ; ;No single tear, no mark of pain: ; ;O sorrow, then can sorrow wane? O grief, can grief be changed to less? O last regret, regret can die! ; ;Noimixt with all this mystic frame, ; ;Her deep relations are the same, But with long use her tears are dry.I wage not any feud with Death ; ;For changes wrought on form and face; ; ;No lower life that earth's embrace May breed with him, can fright my faith. Eternal process moving on, ; ;From state to state the spirit walks; ; ;And these are but the shatter'd stalks, Or ruin'd chrysalis of one. Nor blame I Death, because he bare ; ;The use of virtue out of earth: ; ;I know transplanted human worth Will bloom to profit, otherwhere. For this alone on Death I wreak ; ;The wrath that garners in my heart; ; ;He put our lives so far apart We cannot hear each other speak.Dip down upon the northern shore ; ;O sweet new-year delaying long; ; ;Thou doest expectant nature wrong; Delaying long, delay no more. What stays thee from the clouded noons, ; ;Thy sweetness from its proper place? ; ;Can trouble live with April days, Or sadness in the summer moons? Bring orchis, bring the foxglove spire, ; ;The little speed well's darling blue, ; ;Deep tulips dash'd with fiery dew, Laburnums, dropping-wells of fire. O thou new-year, delaying long, ; ;Delayest the sorrow in my blood, ; ;That longs to burst a frozen bud And flood a fresher throat with song.Risest thou thus, dim dawn, again, ; ;So loud with voices of the birds, ; ;So thick with lowings of the herds, Day, when I lost the flower of men; Who tremblest thro' thy darkling red ; ;On yon swoll'n brook that bubbles fast ; ;By meadows breathing of the past, And woodlands holy to the dead; Who murmurest in the foliaged eaves ; ;A song that slights the coming care, ; ;And Autumn laying here and there A fiery finger on the leaves; Who wakenest with thy balmy breath ; ;To myriads on the genial earth, ; ;Memories of bridal, or of birth, And unto myriads more, of death. O wheresoever those may be, ; ;Betwixt the slumber of the poles, ; ;To-day they count as kindred souls; They know me not, but mourn with me.Is it, then, regret for buried time ; ;That keenlier in sweet April wakes, ; ;And meets the year, and gives and takes The colours of the crescent prime? Not all: the songs, the stirring air, ; ;The life re-orient out of dust, ; ;Cry thro' the sense to hearten trust In that which made the world so fair. Not all regret: the face will shine ; ;Upon me, while I muse alone; ; ;And that dear voice, I once have known, Still speak to me of me and mine: Yet less of sorrow lives in me ; ;For days of happy commune dead; ; ;Less yearning for the friendship fled, Than some strong bond which is to be.Late, late, so late! and dark the night and chill! Late, late, so late! but we can enter still. Too late, too late! ye cannot enter now. No light had we: for that we do repent; And learning this, the bridegroom will relent. Too late, too late! ye cannot enter now. No light: so late! and dark and chill the night! O, let us in, that we may find the light! Too late, too late: ye cannot enter now. Have we not heard the bridegroom is so sweet? O, let us in, tho' late, to kiss his feet! No, no, too late! ye cannot enter now."Home they brought her warrior dead: ; ;She nor swoon'd nor utter'd cry: All her maidens, watching, said, ; ;"She must weep or she will die." Then they praised him, soft and low, ; ;Call'd him worthy to be loved, Truest friend and noblest foe; ; ;Yet she neither spoke nor moved. Stole a maiden from her place, ; ;Lightly to the warrior stepped, Took the face-cloth from the face; ; ;Yet she neither moved nor wept. Rose a nurse of ninety years, ; ;Set his child upon her knee— Like summer tempest came her tears— ; ;"Sweet my child, I live for thee."Now sleeps the crimson petal, now the white; Nor waves the cypress in the palace walk; Nor winks the gold fin in the porphyry font. The firefly wakens; waken thou with me.    Now droops the milk-white peacock like a ghost, And like a ghost she glimmers on to me.    Now lies the Earth all Danaë to the stars, And all thy heart lies open unto me.    Now slides the silent meteor on, and leaves A shining furrow, as thy thoughts in me.    Now folds the lily all her sweetness up, And slips into the bosom of the lake. So fold thyself, my dearest, thou, and slip Into my bosom and be lost in me.Sweet and low, sweet and low, ; ;Wind of the western sea, Low, low, breathe and blow, ; ;Wind of the western sea! Over the rolling waters go, Come from the dying moon, and blow, ; ;Blow him again to me; While my little one, while my pretty one, sleeps. Sleep and rest, sleep and rest, ; ;Father will come to thee soon; Rest, rest, on mother's breast, ; ;Father will come to thee soon; Father will come to his babe in the nest, Silver sails all out of the west ; ;Under the silver moon: Sleep, my little one, sleep, my pretty one, sleep.Wild, wild the storm, and the sea high running, Steady the roar of the gale, with incessant undertone muttering, Shouts of demoniac laughter fitfully piercing and pealing, Waves, air, midnight, their savagest trinity lashing, Out in the shadows there milk-white combs careering, On beachy slush and sand spirts of snow fierce slanting, Where through the murk the easterly death-wind breasting, Through cutting swirl and spray watchful and firm advancing, (That in the distance! is that a wreck? is the red signal flaring?) Slush and sand of the beach tireless till daylight wending, Steadily, slowly, through hoarse roar never remitting, Along the midnight edge by those milk-white combs careering, A group of dim, weird forms, struggling, the night confronting, That savage trinity warily watching.It is not to be thought of that the FloodOf British freedom, which, to the open seaOf the world's praise, from dark antiquityHath flowed, "with pomp of waters, unwithstood,"Roused though it be full often to a moodWhich spurns the check of salutary bands,That this most famous Stream in bogs and sandsShould perish; and to evil and to goodBe lost for ever. In our halls is hungArmoury of the invincible Knights of old:We must be free or die, who speak the tongueThat Shakespeare spake; the faith and morals holdWhich Milton held.—In every thing we are sprungOf Earth's first blood, have titles manifold.Scorn not the Sonnet; Critic, you have frowned, Mindless of its just honours; with this key Shakespeare unlocked his heart; the melody Of this small lute gave ease to Petrarch's wound; A thousand times this pipe did Tasso sound; With it Camöens soothed an exile's grief; The Sonnet glittered a gay myrtle leaf Amid the cypress with which Dante crowned His visionary brow: a glow-worm lamp, It cheered mild Spenser, called from Faery-land To struggle through dark ways; and, when a damp Fell round the path of Milton, in his hand The Thing became a trumpet; whence he blew Soul-animating strains—alas, too few!; ; ; ;—Brook and roadWere fellow-travellers in this gloomy Pass,And with them did we journey several hoursAt a slow step. The immeasurable heightOf woods decaying, never to be decayed,The stationary blasts of waterfalls,And in the narrow rent, at every turn,Winds thwarting winds bewildered and forlorn,The torrents shooting from the clear blue sky,The rocks that muttered close upon our ears,Black drizzling crags that spake by the waysideAs if a voice were in them, the sick sightAnd giddy prospect of the raving stream,The unfettered clouds and region of the heavens,Tumult and peace, the darkness and the light—Were all like workings of one mind, the featuresOf the same face, blossoms upon one tree,Characters of the great Apocalypse,The types and symbols of Eternity,Of first and last, and midst, and without end.I thought of Thee, my partner and my guide,As being past away.—Vain sympathies!For, backward, Duddon! as I cast my eyes,I see what was, and is, and will abide;Still glides the Stream, and shall for ever glide;The Form remains, the Function never dies;While we, the brave, the mighty, and the wise,We Men, who in our morn of youth defiedThe elements, must vanish;—be it so!Enough, if something from our hands have powerTo live, and act, and serve the future hour;And if, as toward the silent tomb we go,Through love, through hope, and faith's transcendent dower,We feel that we are greater than we know.The world is too much with us; late and soon, Getting and spending, we lay waste our powers;— Little we see in Nature that is ours; We have given our hearts away, a sordid boon! This Sea that bares her bosom to the moon; The winds that will be howling at all hours, And are up-gathered now like sleeping flowers; For this, for everything, we are out of tune; It moves us not. Great God! I’d rather be A Pagan suckled in a creed outworn; So might I, standing on this pleasant lea, Have glimpses that would make me less forlorn; Have sight of Proteus rising from the sea; Or hear old Triton blow his wreathèd horn.I find no peace, and all my war is done. I fear and hope. I burn and freeze like ice. I fly above the wind, yet can I not arise; And nought I have, and all the world I season. That loseth nor locketh holdeth me in prison And holdeth me not—yet can I scape no wise— Nor letteth me live nor die at my device, And yet of death it giveth me occasion. Without eyen I see, and without tongue I plain. I desire to perish, and yet I ask health. I love another, and thus I hate myself. I feed me in sorrow and laugh in all my pain; Likewise displeaseth me both life and death, And my delight is causer of this strife.Is it possible
That so high debate,
So sharp, so sore, and of such rate,
Should end so soon and was begun so late?
Is it possible?
Is it possible
So cruel intent,
So hasty heat and so soon spent,
From love to hate, and thence for to relent?
Is it possible?
Is it possible
That any may find
Within one heart so diverse mind,
To change or turn as weather and wind?
Is it possible?
Is it possible
To spy it in an eye
That turns as oft as chance on die,
The truth whereof can any try?
Is it possible?
It is possible
For to turn so oft,
To bring that lowest which was most aloft,
And to fall highest yet to light soft:
It is possible.
All is possible
Whoso list believe.
Trust therefore first, and after preve,
As men wed ladies by licence and leave.
All is possible.The longë love that in my thought doth harbour And in mine hert doth keep his residence, Into my face presseth with bold pretence And therein campeth, spreading his banner. She that me learneth to love and suffer And will that my trust and lustës negligence Be rayned by reason, shame, and reverence, With his hardiness taketh displeasure. Wherewithall unto the hert's forest he fleeth, Leaving his enterprise with pain and cry, And there him hideth and not appeareth. What may I do when my master feareth But in the field with him to live and die? For good is the life ending faithfully.Unstable dream, according to the place,Be steadfast once, or else at least be true.By tasted sweetness make me not to rueThe sudden loss of thy false feignèd grace.By good respect in such a dangerous caseThou broughtest not her into this tossing mewBut madest my sprite live, my care to renew,My body in tempest her succour to embrace.The body dead, the sprite had his desire,Painless was th'one, th'other in delight.Why then, alas, did it not keep it right,Returning, to leap into the fire? ;And where it was at wish, it could not remain, ;Such mocks of dreams they turn to deadly pain.Child, how happy you are sitting in the dust, playing with a broken twig all the morning.
I smile at your play with that little bit of a broken twig.
I am busy with my accounts, adding up figures by the hour.
Perhaps you glance at me and think, "What a stupid game to spoil your morning with!"
Child, I have forgotten the art of being absorbed in sticks and mud-pies.
I seek out costly playthings, and gather lumps of gold and silver.
With whatever you find you create your glad games, I spend both my time and my strength over things I never can obtain.
In my frail canoe I struggle to cross the sea of desire, and forget that I too am playing a game.Maurice, weep not, I am not here under this pine tree. The balmy air of spring whispers through the sweet grass, The stars sparkle, the whippoorwill calls, But thou grievest, while my soul lies rapturous In the blest Nirvana of eternal light! Go to the good heart that is my husband, Who broods upon what he calls our guilty love: i Tell him that my love for you, no less than my love for him Wrought out my destiny i that through the flesh I won spirit, and through spirit, peace. There is no marriage in heaven, But there is love.I would have been as great as George Eliot But for an untoward fate. For look at the photograph of me made by Peniwit, Chin resting on hand, and deep-set eyes i Gray, too, and far-searching. But there was the old, old problem: Should it be celibacy, matrimony or unchastity? Then John Slack, the rich druggist, wooed me, Luring me with the promise of leisure for my novel, And I married him, giving birth to eight children, And had no time to write. It was all over with me, anyway, When I ran the needle in my hand While washing the baby's things, And died from lock-jaw, an ironical death. Hear me, ambitious souls, Sex is the curse of life!I, the scourge-wielder, balance-wrecker, Smiter with whips and swords; I, hater of the breakers of the law; I, legalist, inexorable and bitter, Driving the jury to hang the madman, Barry Holden, Was made as one dead by light too bright for eyes, And woke to face a Truth with bloody brow: Steel forceps fumbled by a doctor's hand Against my boy's head as he entered life Made him an idiot. I turned to books of science To care for him. That's how the world of those whose minds are sick Became my work in life, and all my world. Poor ruined boy! You were, at last, the potter And I and all my deeds of charity The vessels of your hand.When I died, the circulating library Which I built up for Spoon River, And managed for the good of inquiring minds, Was sold at auction on the public square, As if to destroy the last vestige Of my memory and influence. For those of you who could not see the virtue Of knowing Volney's "Ruins" as well as Butler's "Analogy" And "Faust" as well as "Evangeline," Were really the power in the village, And often you asked me, "What is the use of knowing the evil in the world?" I am out of your way now, Spoon River, Choose your own good and call it good. For I could never make you see That no one knows what is good Who knows not what is evil; And no one knows what is true Who knows not what is false.I was angry with my friend; I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. And I waterd it in fears, Night & morning with my tears: And I sunned it with smiles, And with soft deceitful wiles. And it grew both day and night. Till it bore an apple bright. And my foe beheld it shine, And he knew that it was mine. And into my garden stole, When the night had veild the pole; In the morning glad I see; My foe outstretched beneath the tree.Make me, O Lord, thy Spining Wheele compleate. ;Thy Holy Worde my Distaff make for mee.
Make mine Affections thy Swift Flyers neate ;And make my Soule thy holy Spoole to bee. ;My Conversation make to be thy Reele ;And reele the yarn thereon spun of thy Wheele.
Make me thy Loome then, knit therein this Twine: ;And make thy Holy Spirit, Lord, winde quills:
Then weave the Web thyselfe. The yarn is fine. ;Thine Ordinances make my Fulling Mills. ;Then dy the same in Heavenly Colours Choice, ;All pinkt with Varnisht Flowers of Paradise.
Then cloath therewith mine Understanding, Will, ;Affections, Judgment, Conscience, Memory
My Words, and Actions, that their shine may fill ;My wayes with glory and thee glorify. ;Then mine apparell shall display before yee ;That I am Cloathd in Holy robes for glory.The snow is deep on the ground.    Always the light falls Softly down on the hair of my belovèd. This is a good world. The war has failed. God shall not forget us. Who made the snow waits where love is. Only a few go mad. The sky moves in its whiteness Like the withered hand of an old king.    God shall not forget us. Who made the sky knows of our love. The snow is beautiful on the ground.    And always the lights of heaven glow    Softly down on the hair of my belovèd.Wait. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;Wait. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; Wait. ; ; ; ; ;Wait. Wait. ; ; ;  Wait. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;    Wait. ; ; ; ; ; ; ;   W a i t. ; ; ; ; ;Wait. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  Wait. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;    Wait. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;Wait. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;    Wait. ; ; ; ;Wait. ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  NOW.a sentimental curator has placed    two fragments of bronze Grecian ;   heads together boy and girl so that the faces black- ened by the three thousand years of ;   desert sand & sun seem to be whispering something    that the Gurgan lion & the wing- ;ed dog of Azerbaijan must not hear but I have heard    them as I hear you now half way ;   around the world so simply & so quietly more like a child than like a woman making ;   love say to me in that soft lost near and distant voice    I’m happy now I’m happy oh don’t ;   move don’t go away.Life kept rolling her over    like a piece of driftwood in the surf of an angry sea    she was intelligent and beau- tiful and well-off she made    friends easily yet she wasn’t able to put the pieces to- gether into any recognizable shape   she wasn’t sure who    she wanted to be   so she ended up being no one in par- ticular   she made herself al- most invisible   she was the    person you loved so much who really wasn’t there at all.How she let her long hair down over her shoulders, making a love cave around her face. Return and return again. How when the lamplight was lowered she pressed against him, twining her fingers in his. Return and return again. How their legs swam together like dolphins and their toes played like little tunnies. Return and return again. How she sat beside him cross-legged, telling him stories of her childhood. Return and return again. How she closed her eyes when his were open, how they breathed together, breathing each other. Return and return again. How they fell into slumber, their bodies curled together like two spoons. Return and return again. How they went together to Otherwhere, the fairest land they had ever seen. Return and return again. O best of all nights, return and return again.I remember a square of New York’s Hudson River glinting between warehouses. Difficult to approach the water below the pier Swirling, covered with oil the ship at the pier A steel wall: tons in the water, Width. The hand for holding, Legs for walking, The eye sees! It floods in on us from here to Jersey tangled in the grey bright air! Become the realm of nations. My love, my love, We are endangered Totally at last. Look Anywhere to the sight’s limit: space    Which is viviparous: Place of the mind And eye. Which can destroy us,    Re-arrange itself, assert Its own stone chain reaction.Boll-weevil’s coming, and the winter’s cold, Made cotton-stalks look rusty, seasons old, And cotton, scarce as any southern snow, Was vanishing; the branch, so pinched and slow, Failed in its function as the autumn rake; Drouth fighting soil had caused the soil to take All water from the streams; dead birds were found In wells a hundred feet below the ground— Such was the season when the flower bloomed. Old folks were startled, and it soon assumed Significance. Superstition saw Something it had never seen before: Brown eyes that loved without a trace of fear, Beauty so sudden for that time of year.Rebuked, she turned and ran uphill to the barn. Anger, the inner    arsonist, held a match to her brain.    She observed her life: against her will    it survived the unwavering flame. The barn was empty of animals.    Only a swallow tilted near the beams, and bats hung from the rafters the roof sagged between. Her breath became steady where, years past, the farmer cooled    the big tin amphoræ of milk. The stone trough was still filled with water: she watched it    and received its calm. So it is when we retreat in anger:    we think we burn alone and there is no balm. Then water enters, though it makes    no sound.Highlight Actions Enable or disable annotations ;Nobody heard him, the dead man,    But still he lay moaning: I was much further out than you thought    And not waving but drowning. Poor chap, he always loved larkinglarking Playing tricks, kidding, fooling around. And now he’s dead It must have been too cold for him his heart gave way,    They said. Oh, no no no, it was too cold always    (Still the dead one lay moaning)    I was much too far out all my life    And not waving but drowning.Always the caravan of sound made us halt    to admire the swinging and the swift go-by    of beasts with enormous hooves and heads    beating the earth or reared against the sky. Do not reread, I mean glance ahead to see what has become of the colossal forms: everything happened at the instant of passing: the hoof-beat, the whinny, the bells on the harness,    the creak of the wheels, the monkey’s fandango    in double time over the elephant’s back. When the marching was over and we were free to go on    there was never before us a dungfall or a track on the road-sands of any kind: only the motion of footprints being made crossing and recrossing in the trampled mind.There is no age, this darkness and decay Is by a radiant spirit cast aside, Young with the ageless youth that yesterday Bent to the yoke of flesh immortal pride. What though in time of thunder and black cloud The Spirit of the Innermost recedes Into the depths of Being, stormy browed, Obscured by a long life of dreams and deeds— There is no age—the swiftly passing hour That measures out our days of pilgrimage And breaks the heart of every summer flower, Shall find again the child’s soul in the sage. There is no age, for youth is the divine; And the white radiance of the timeless soul Burns like a silver lamp in that dark shrine That is the tired pilgrim’s ultimate goal.The grand road from the mountain goes shining to the sea, And there is traffic in it and many a horse and cart, But the little roads of Cloonagh are dearer far to me, And the little roads of Cloonagh go rambling through my heart. A great storm from the ocean goes shouting o’er the hill, And there is glory in it and terror on the wind, But the haunted air of twilight is very strange and still, And the little winds of twilight are dearer to my mind. The great waves of the Atlantic sweep storming on their way, Shining green and silver with the hidden herring shoal, But the Little Waves of Breffny have drenched my heart in spray, And the Little Waves of Breffny go stumbling through my soul.Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame, With conquering limbs astride from land to land; Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name Mother of Exiles. From her beacon-hand Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame. “Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!” cries she With silent lips. “Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!”After the steaming bodies swept through the hungry streets of swollen cities; after the vast pink spawning of family poisoned the rivers and ravaged the prairies; after the gamble of latex and diaphragms and pills; I invoked the white robes, gleaming blades ready for blood, and, feeling the scourge of Increase and Multiply, made affirmation: Yes, deliver us from complicity. And after the precision of scalpels, I woke to a landscape of sunshine where the catbird mates for life and maps trace out no alibis—stepped into a morning of naked truth, where acts mean what they really are: the purity of loving for the sake of love.The Israeli Navy, sailing to the end of the world, stocked with grain and books black with God’s verse, turned back, rather than sail on the Sabbath. Six days, was the consensus, was enough for anyone. So the world, it was concluded, was three days wide in each direction, allowing three days back. And Saturdays were given over to keeping close, while Sundays the Navy, all decked out in white and many-colored skullcaps, would sail furiously, trying to go off the deep end. Yo-ho-ho, would say the sailors, for six days. While on the shore their women moaned. For years, their boats were slow, and all show. And they turned into families on the only land they knew.Ethics without faith, excuse me, is the butter and not the bread. You can’t nourish them all, the dead pile up at the hospital doors. And even they are not so numerous as the mothers come in maternity. The Provider knows his faults— love of architecture and repair— but will not fall into them for long: he can’t afford the adolescent luxury, the fellowship of the future looks greedily toward his family. The black keys fit black cylinders in the locks in holes in the night. He had a skeleton key once, a rubber arm and complete confidence. Now, as head of the family, he is inevitably on the wrong side looking out.I haled me a woman from the street,    Shameless, but, oh, so fair! I bade her sit in the model’s seat    And I painted her sitting there. I hid all trace of her heart unclean;    I painted a babe at her breast; I painted her as she might have been    If the Worst had been the Best. She laughed at my picture and went away.    Then came, with a knowing nod, A connoisseur, and I heard him say;    “’Tis Mary, the Mother of God.” So I painted a halo round her hair,    And I sold her and took my fee, And she hangs in the church of Saint Hillaire,    Where you and all may see.There were two brothers, John and James, And when the town went up in flames, To save the house of James dashed John, Then turned, and lo! his own was gone. And when the great World War began, To volunteer John promptly ran; And while he learned live bombs to lob, James stayed at home and—sneaked his job. John came home with a missing limb; That didn’t seem to worry him; But oh, it set his brain awhirl To find that James had—sneaked his girl! Time passed. John tried his grief to drown; To-day James owns one-half the town; His army contracts riches yield; And John? Well, search the Potter’s Field.i would sit in the center of the world, the Black Hills hooped around me and dream of my dancing horse. my wife was Black Shawl who gave me the daughter i called They Are Afraid Of Her. i was afraid of nothing except Black Buffalo Woman. my love for her i wore instead of feathers. i did not dance i dreamed. i am dreaming now across the worlds. my medicine is strong. my medicine is strong in the Black basket of these fingers. i come again through this Black Buffalo woman. hear me; the hoop of the world is breaking. fire burns in the four directions. the dreamers are running away from the hills. i have seen it. i am crazy horse.In the dining room there is a brown fish hanging on the wall who swims along in his frame while we are eating dinner. He swims in candlelight for all to see, as if he has been swimming forever, even in the darkness of the ink before someone thought to draw him and the thin reeds waving in his stream and the clear pebbles strewn upon the sand. No wonder he continues his swimming deep into the night, long after we have blown out the candles and gone upstairs to bed. No wonder I find him in the pale morning light, still swimming, still looking out at me with his one, small, spellbound eye.All you have to do is listen to the way a man sometimes talks to his wife at a table of people and notice how intent he is on making his point even though her lower lip is beginning to quiver, and you will know why the women in science fiction movies who inhabit a planet of their own are not pictured making a salad or reading a magazine when the men from earth arrive in their rocket, why they are always standing in a semicircle with their arms folded, their bare legs set apart, their breasts protected by hard metal disks.I ask them to take a poem and hold it up to the light like a color slide or press an ear against its hive. I say drop a mouse into a poem and watch him probe his way out, or walk inside the poem’s room and feel the walls for a light switch. I want them to waterski across the surface of a poem waving at the author’s name on the shore. But all they want to do is tie the poem to a chair with rope and torture a confession out of it. They begin beating it with a hose to find out what it really means.The leaves talked in the twilight, dear;    Hearken the tale they told: How in some far-off place and year,    Before the world grew old, I was a dreaming forest tree,    You were a wild, sweet bird Who sheltered at the heart of me    Because the north wind stirred; How, when the chiding gale was still,    When peace fell soft on fear, You stayed one golden hour to fill    My dream with singing, dear. To-night the self-same songs are sung    The first green forest heard; My heart and the gray world grow young—    To shelter you, my bird.Mown meadows skirt the standing wheat; I linger, for the hay is sweet, New-cut and curing in the sun. Like furrows, straight, the windrows run, Fallen, gallant ranks that tossed and bent When, yesterday, the west wind went A-rioting through grass and grain. To-day no least breath stirs the plain; Only the hot air, quivering, yields Illusive motion to the fields Where not the slenderest tassel swings. Across the wheat flash sky-blue wings; A goldfinch dangles from a tall, Full-flowered yellow mullein; all The world seems turning blue and gold. Unstartled, since, even from of old, Beauty has brought keen sense of her, I feel the withering grasses stir; Along the edges of the wheat, I hear the rustle of her feet: And yet I know the whole sea lies, And half the earth, between our eyes.(For George Reston Malloch)    There’s teuch sauchs growin’ i’ the Reuch Heuch Hauch.    Like the sauls o’ the damned are they, And ilk ane yoked in a whirligig Is birlin’ the lee-lang day. O we come doon frae oor stormiest moods, And Licht like a bird i’ the haun’, But the teuch sauchs there i’ the Reuch Heuch Hauch    As the deil’s ain hert are thrawn. The winds ’ud pu’ them up by the roots, Tho’ it broke the warl’ asunder, But they rin richt doon thro’ the boddom o’ Hell,    And nane kens hoo fer under! There’s no’ a licht that the Heavens let loose    Can calm them a hanlawhile, Nor frae their ancient amplefeyst Sall God’s ain sel’ them wile.One rat across the floor and quick to floor's a breeze, But two a whisper of a human tongue. One is a breath, two voice; And one a dream, but more are dreamed too long. Two are the portent which we may believe at length, And two the tribe we recognize as true. Two are the total, they saying and they saying, So we must ponder what we are to do. For every scuttle of motion in the corner of the eye Some thought of thought is asked in us indeed, But of two, more: there we have likeness moving, And there knowledge therefore, and therefore creed.When I think of my kindness which is tentative and quiet And of yours which is intense and free, I am in elaboration of knowledge impatient Of even the patientest immobility. I think of my kind, which is the human fortune To live in the world and make war among its friends, And of my version, which is to be moderately peaceful, And of your version; and must make amends By my slow word to your wish which is mobile, Active and moving in its generous sphere. This is the natural and the supernatural Of humankind of which I grow aware.After her pills the girl slept and counted Pellet on pellet the regress of life. Dead to the world, the world's count yet counted Pellet on pill the antinomies of life. Refused to turn, the way's back, she counted Her several stones across the mire of life. And stones away and sticks away she counted To keep herself out of the country of life. Lost tally. How the sheep return to home Is the story she will retrieve And the only story believe Of one and one the sheep returning home To take the shapes of life, Coming and being counted.Tender only to one    Tender and true    The petals swing    To my fingering Is it you, or you, or you? Tender only to one I do not know his name And the friends who fall    To the petals’ call May think my love to blame. Tender only to one    This petal holds a clue    The face it shows But too well knows    Who I am tender to. Tender only to one, Last petal’s latest breath Cries out aloud From the icy shroud His name, his name is Death.In the flame of the flickering fire    The sins of my soul are few And the thoughts in my head are the thoughts of a bed    With a solitary view. But the eye of eternal consciousness    Must blink as a bat blinks bright Or ever the thoughts in my head be stilled On the brink of eternal night. Oh feed to the golden fish his egg Where he floats in his captive bowl, To the cat his kind from the womb born blind,    And to the Lord my soul.In my dreams I am always saying goodbye and riding away,    Whither and why I know not nor do I care. And the parting is sweet and the parting over is sweeter,    And sweetest of all is the night and the rushing air. In my dreams they are always waving their hands and saying goodbye, And they give me the stirrup cup and I smile as I drink,    I am glad the journey is set, I am glad I am going, I am glad, I am glad, that my friends don't know what I think.(From Crossportion’s Pastoral)    The bottom of the sea has come    And builded in my noiseless room    The fishes’ and the mermaids’ home, Whose it is most, most hell to be    Out of the heavy-hanging sea And in the thin, thin changeable air Or unroom sleep some other where;    But play their coral violins    Where waters most lock music in: The bottom of my room, the sea. Full of voiceless curtaindeep There mermaid somnambules come sleep    Where fluted half-lights show the way, And there, there lost orchestras play    And down the many quarterlights come    To the dim mirth of my aquadrome:    The bottom of my sea, the room.Heartworn happiness, fine line that winds among the tapestry’s old blacks and blues, bright hair blazing in the theater, red hair raving in the bar—as now the little leaves shoot veils of gold across the trees’ bones, shroud of spring, ghost of summer, shadblow snow, blood- russet spoor spilled prodigal on last year’s leaves . . . When your yellows, greens, and yellow-greens, your ochres and your umbers have evolved nearly to hemlock blackness, cypress blackness, when the woods are rife with soddenness (unfolded ferns, skunk cabbage by the stream, barberry by the trunks, and bitter watercress inside the druid pool) will your thin, still-glinting thread insist to catch the eye in filigreed titrations stitched along among beneath the branches, in the branches where it lives all winter, occulted fire, brief constant fleeting gold . . .Don’t tell me the cat ate your math sheet, And your spelling words went down the drain, And you couldn’t decipher your homework, Because it was soaked in the rain. Don’t tell me you slaved for hours On the project that’s due today, And you would have had it finished If your snake hadn’t run away. Don’t tell me you lost your eraser, And your worksheets and pencils, too, And your papers are stuck together With a great big glob of glue. I’m tired of all your excuses; They are really a terrible bore. Besides, I forgot my own work, At home in my study drawer.Hush little baby, don't say a word, Papa's gonna buy you a mockingbird. And if that mockingbird won't sing, Papa's gonna buy you a diamond ring. And if that diamond ring turns to brass, Papa's gonna buy you a looking glass. And if that looking glass gets broke, Papa's gonna buy you a billy goat. And if that billy goat won't pull, Papa's gonna buy you a cart and bull. And if that cart and bull turn over, Papa's gonna buy you a dog named Rover. And if that dog named Rover won't bark, Papa's gonna buy you a horse and cart. And if that horse and cart fall down, You'll still be the sweetest little baby in town!Little Bo-Peep has lost her sheep, And can't tell where to find them; Leave them alone, and they'll come home, Bringing their tails behind them. Little Bo-Peep fell fast asleep, And dreamt she heard them bleating; But when she awoke, she found it a joke, For they were still all fleeting. Then up she took her little crook, Determined for to find them; She found them indeed, but it made her heart bleed, For they'd left their tails behind them. It happened one day, as Bo-Peep did stray Into a meadow hard by, There she espied their tails, side by side, All hung on a tree to dry. She heaved a sigh and wiped her eye, And over the hillocks she raced; And tried what she could, as a shepherdess should, That each tail be properly placed.Travel is a vanishing act Only to those who are left behind. What the traveler knows Is that he accompanies himself, Unwieldy baggage that can’t be checked, Stolen, or lost, or mistaken. So one took, past outposts of empire, “Calmly as if in the British Museum,” Not only her Victorian skirts, Starched shirtwaists, and umbrella, but her faith In the civilizing mission of women, Her backaches and insomnia, her innocent valor; Another, friend of witch-doctors, Living on native chop, Trading tobacco and hooks for fish and fetishes, Heralded her astonishing arrival Under shivering stars By calling, “It’s only me!” A third, Intent on savage customs, and to demonstrate That a woman could travel as easily as a man, Carried a handkerchief damp with wifely tears And only once permitted a tribal chieftain To stroke her long, golden hair.Titled after Satie    I. Three pears ripen On the ledge. Weeks pass. They are a marriage. The middle one’s the conversation The other two are having. He is their condition. Three wings without birds, Three feelings. How can they help themselves? They can’t. How can they stay like that? They can. II. The pears are consulting. Business is bad this year, D’Anjou, Bartlett. They are psychiatrists, Patient and slick. Hunger reaches the hard stem. It will get rid of them. III. The pears are old women; They are the same. Slight rouge, Green braille dresses, They blush in unison. They will stay young. They will not ripen. In the new world, Ripeness is nothing.Inside the veins there are navies setting forth, Tiny explosions at the waterlines, And seagulls weaving in the wind of the salty blood. It is the morning. The country has slept the whole winter. Window seats were covered with fur skins, the yard was full Of stiff dogs, and hands that clumsily held heavy books. Now we wake, and rise from bed, and eat breakfast! Shouts rise from the harbor of the blood, Mist, and masts rising, the knock of wooden tackle in the sunlight. Now we sing, and do tiny dances on the kitchen floor. Our whole body is like a harbor at dawn; We know that our master has left us for the day.Her eyes the glow-worm lend thee,
The shooting stars attend thee; ; And the elves also, ; Whose little eyes glow
Like the sparks of fire, befriend thee.
No Will-o'-th'-Wisp mis-light thee,
Nor snake or slow-worm bite thee; ; But on, on thy way, ; Not making a stay,
Since ghost there's none to affright thee.
Let not the dark thee cumber;
What though the moon does slumber? ; The stars of the night ; Will lend thee their light,
Like tapers clear without number.
Then Julia let me woo thee,
Thus, thus to come unto me; ; And when I shall meet ; Thy silv'ry feet,
My soul I'll pour into thee.There are four men mowing down by the Isar; I can hear the swish of the scythe-strokes, four Sharp breaths taken: yea, and I Am sorry for what's in store. The first man out of the four that's mowing Is mine, I claim him once and for all; Though it's sorry I am, on his young feet, knowing None of the trouble he's led to stall. As he sees me bringing the dinner, he lifts His head as proud as a deer that looks Shoulder-deep out of the corn; and wipes His scythe-blade bright, unhooks The scythe-stone and over the stubble to me. Lad, thou hast gotten a child in me, Laddie, a man thou'lt ha'e to be, Yea, though I'm sorry for thee.I The angels guide him now, And watch his curly head, And lead him in their games, The little boy we led. ;II He cannot come to harm, He knows more than we know, His light is brighter far Than daytime here below. ;III His path leads on and on, Through pleasant lawns and flowers, His brown eyes open wide At grass more green than ours. ;IV With playmates like himself, The shining boy will sing, Exploring wondrous woods, Sweet with eternal spring. ;V Yet, he is lost to us, Far is his path of gold, Far does the city seem, Lonely our hearts and old.Out of the winds' and the waves' riot,
Out of the loud foam,
He has put in to a great quiet
And a still home.
Here he may lie at ease and wonder
Why the old ship waits,
And hark for the surge and the strong thunder
Of the full Straits,
And look for the fishing fleet at morning,
Shadows like lost souls,
Slide through the fog where the seal's warning
Betrays the shoals,
And watch for the deep-sea liner climbing
Out of the bright West,
With a salmon-sky and her wake shining
Like a tern's breast, —
And never know he is done for ever
With the old sea's pride,
Borne from the fight and the full endeavour
On an ebb tide.As from the house your mother sees You playing round the garden trees, So you may see, if you will look Through the windows of this book, Another child, far, far away, And in another garden, play. But do not think you can at all, By knocking on the window, call That child to hear you. He intent Is all on his play-business bent. He does not hear; he will not look, Nor yet be lured out of this book. For, long ago, the truth to say, He has grown up and gone away, And it is but a child of air That lingers in the garden there.There is a Smile of Love And there is a Smile of Deceit And there is a Smile of Smiles In which these two Smiles meet And there is a Frown of Hate And there is a Frown of disdain And there is a Frown of Frowns Which you strive to forget in vain For it sticks in the Hearts deep Core And it sticks in the deep Back bone And no Smile that ever was smild But only one Smile alone That betwixt the Cradle & Grave It only once Smild can be But when it once is Smild Theres an end to all MiseryYour petitions—though they continue to bear just the one signature—have been duly recorded. Your anxieties—despite their constant, relatively narrow scope and inadvertent entertainment value—nonetheless serve to bring your person vividly to mind. Your repentance—all but obscured beneath a burgeoning, yellow fog of frankly more conspicuous resentment—is sufficient. Your intermittent concern for the sick, the suffering, the needy poor is sometimes recognizable to me, if not to them. Your angers, your zeal, your lipsmackingly righteous indignation toward the many whose habits and sympathies offend you— ; ;these must burn away before you’ll apprehend how near I am, with what fervor I adore precisely these, the several who rouse your passions.A little loam and topsoil 
is a lot. 
—Heather McHugh    A vacant lot, maybe, but even such lit vacancy as interstate motels announce can look, well, pretty damned inviting after a long day’s drive, especially if the day has been oppressed by manic truckers, detours, endless road construction. And this poorly measured, semi- rectangle, projected and plotted with the familiar little flags upon a spread of neglected terra firma also offers brief apprehension, which—let’s face it, whether pleasing or encumbered by anxiety—dwells luxuriously in potential. Me? Well, I like a little space between shopping malls, and while this one may never come to be much of a garden, once we rip the old tires from the brambles and bag the trash, we might just glimpse the lot we meant, the lot we hoped to find.We wanted to confess our sins but there were no takers. 
—Milosz    And the few willing to listen demanded that we confess on television. So we kept our sins to ourselves, and they became less troubling. The halt and the lame arranged to have their hips replaced. Lepers coated their sores with a neutral foundation, avoided strong light. The hungry ate at grand buffets and grew huge, though they remained hungry. Prisoners became indistinguishable from the few who visited them. Widows remarried and became strangers to their kin. The orphans finally grew up and learned to fend for themselves. Even the prophets suspected they were mad, and kept their mouths shut. Only the poor—who are with us always—only they continued in the hope.Not your ordinary ice cream, though the glaze of these skeletal figures affects the disposition of those grinning candies one finds in Mexico, say, at the start of November, though here, each face is troublingly familiar, exhibits the style adopted just as one declines any further style—nectar one sips just as he draws his last, dispassionate breath, becomes citizen of a less earnest electorate. One learns in that city finally how to enjoy a confection, even if a genuine taste for this circumstance has yet to be acquired, even if it is oneself whose sugars and oils now avail a composure which promises never to end, nor to alter.Over my head, I see the bronze butterfly,    Asleep on the black trunk, Blowing like a leaf in green shadow.    Down the ravine behind the empty house,    The cowbells follow one another    Into the distances of the afternoon.    To my right, In a field of sunlight between two pines,    The droppings of last year’s horses    Blaze up into golden stones. I lean back, as the evening darkens and comes on.    A chicken hawk floats over, looking for home. I have wasted my life.I will grieve alone, As I strolled alone, years ago, down along The Ohio shore. I hid in the hobo jungle weeds Upstream from the sewer main, Pondering, gazing. I saw, down river, At Twenty-third and Water Streets By the vinegar works, The doors open in early evening. Swinging their purses, the women Poured down the long street to the river And into the river. I do not know how it was They could drown every evening. What time near dawn did they climb up the other shore, Drying their wings? For the river at Wheeling, West Virginia, Has only two shores: The one in hell, the other In Bridgeport, Ohio. And nobody would commit suicide, only To find beyond death Bridgeport, Ohio.Why are the things that have no death The ones with neither sight nor breath! Eternity is thrust upon A bit of earth, a senseless stone. A grain of dust, a casual clod Receives the greatest gift of God. A pebble in the roadway lies— It never dies. The grass our fathers cut away Is growing on their graves today; The tiniest brooks that scarcely flow Eternally will come and go. There is no kind of death to kill The sands that lie so meek and still. . . . But Man is great and strong and wise— And so he dies.That was not the summer of aspic and cold veal. It was so hot the car seat stung my thighs and the rearview mirror swam with mirage. In the back seat the leather grip was noosed by twine. We were not poor but we had the troubles of the poor. She who had been that soft snore beside the Nytol, open-mouthed, was gone, somewhere, somewhere there was a bay, there was a boat, there was a scold in mother’s mouth. What I remember best is the way everything came and went in the window of my brief attention. At the wake I was beguiled by the chromium yellow lemon pies. The grandfather clock’s pendant of unaffordable gold told the quarter hour. The hearse rolled forward over the O’s of its own surprise.Ancient of Days, old friend, no one believes you’ll come back.    No one believes in his own life anymore. The moon, like a dead heart, cold and unstartable, hangs by a thread At the earth’s edge, Unfaithful at last, splotching the ferns and the pink shrubs. In the other world, children undo the knots in their tally strings.    They sing songs, and their fingers blear. And here, where the swan hums in his socket, where bloodroot    And belladonna insist on our comforting, Where the fox in the canyon wall empties our hands, ecstatic for more, Like a bead of clear oil the Healer revolves through the night wind, Part eye, part tear, unwilling to recognize us.Is the woman in the pool of light really reading or just staring at what is written Is the man walking in the soft rain naked or is it the rain that makes his shirt transparent The boy in the iron cot is he asleep or still fingering the springs underneath Did you honestly believe three lives could be complete The bottle of green liquid on the sill is it real The bottle on the peeling sill is it filled with green Or is the liquid an illusion of fullness How summer’s children turn into fish and rain softens men How the elements of summer nights bid us to get down with each other on the unplaned floor And this feels painfully beautiful whether or not it will change the world one dropMy name is Johnson— Madam Alberta K. The Madam stands for business.    I’m smart that way. I had a HAIR-DRESSING PARLOR    Before The depression put The prices lower. Then I had a BARBECUE STAND    Till I got mixed up    With a no-good man. Cause I had a insurance    The WPA Said, We can’t use you    Wealthy that way. I said, DON’T WORRY ’BOUT ME! Just like the song, You WPA folks take care of yourself— And I’ll get along. I do cooking, Day’s work, too! Alberta K. Johnson—Madam to you.Her red dress & hat    tease the sky’s level- headed blue. Outside a country depot,    she could be a harlot or saint on Sunday morning. We know    Hopper could slant light till it falls on our faces. She waits    for a tall blues singer whose twelve-string is hours out of hock,    for a pullman porter with a pigskin wallet bulging with greenbacks,    who stepped out of Porgy at intermission. This is paradise made of pigment    & tissue, where apples ripen into rage & lust. In a quick glance,    beyond skincolor, she’s his muse, his wife— the same curves    to her stance, the same breasts beneath summer cloth.Beauty, I’ve seen you pressed hard against the windowpane. But the ugliness was unsolved in the heart & mouth. I’ve seen the quick-draw artist crouch among the chrysanthemums. Do I need to say more? Everything isn’t ha-ha in this valley. The striptease on stage at the Blue Movie is your sweet little Sara Lee. An argument of eyes cut through the metaphor, & I hear someone crying among crystal trees & confetti. The sack of bones in the magnolia, What’s more true than that? Before you can see her long pretty legs, look into her unlit eyes. A song of B-flat breath staggers on death row. Real men, voices that limp behind the one-way glass wall. I’ve seen the legless beggar chopped down to his four wheels.In the day’s mirror you see a tall black man.    Fingers of gold cattail tremble, then you witness the rope dangling from a limb of white oak. It’s come to this. You yell his direction, the wind taking    your voice away. You holler his mama’s name    & he glances up at the red sky.    You can almost    touch what he’s thinking,    reaching for his hand across the river. The noose pendulous over his head,    you can feel him    grow inside you,    straining to hoist himself,    climbing a ladder    of air, your feet    in his shoes.Applying to Heavy Equipment School I marched farther into the Great Plains And refused to come out. I threw up a few scaffolds of disinterest. Around me in the fields, the hogs grunted And lay on their sides. You came with a little water and went away. The glass is still on the table, And the paper, And the burned scaffolds.    * You were bent over the sink, washing your stockings. I came up behind you like the night sky behind the town. You stood frowning at your knuckles And did not speak.    * At night I lie still, like Bolivia. My furnaces turn blue. My forests go dark. You are a low range of hills, a Paraguay. Now the clouds cover us both. It is raining and the movie houses are open.There came gray stretches of volcanic plains,    Bare, lone and treeless, then a bleak lone hill Like to the dolorous hill that Dobell saw.    Around were heaps of ruins piled between    The Burn o’ Sorrow and the Water o’ Care;    And from the stillness of the down-crushed walls One pillar rose up dark against the moon.    There was a nameless Presence everywhere;    In the gray soil there was a purple stain,    And the gray reticent rocks were dyed with blood— Blood of a vast unknown Calamity. ; ;   It was the mark of some ancestral grief— Grief that began before the ancient Flood.Shed a tear for Twickham Tweer who ate uncommon meals, who often peeled bananas and then only ate the peels, who emptied jars of marmalade and only ate the jars, and only ate the wrappers off of chocolate candy bars. When Twickham cooked a chicken he would only eat the bones, he discarded scoops of ice cream though he always ate the cones, he’d boil a small potato but he’d only eat the skin, and pass up canned asparagus to gobble down the tin. He sometimes dined on apple cores and bags of peanut shells, on cottage cheese containers, cellophane from caramels, but Twickham Tweer passed on last year, that odd and novel man, when he fried an egg one morning and then ate the frying pan.the place of consequence, the station of his embrace. Or else I’m not son enough to see the innocence and the spiritual fiddlings in the uneven floorboards and joists, in the guttural speech of the pipes, in the limp and the lack of heat. All we need, all we really need is light! And let there be a roof with no leaks. Oh father landlord, fill up all our breaches. He gives himself to the cracks; into the chinks my father lowers his bone, the do-it-yourself funeral. He holds the wires in his teeth. He strips the insulation back. If it’s black, it’s juiceless; if it’s red, elegiac.Not even the cops who can do anything could do this— work on Sunday picking up dirty and delivering clean laundry in Philadelphia. Rambling with my father, get this, in a truck that wasn’t even our own, part ambulance, part bullet, there wasn’t anything we couldn’t do. Sheets of stigmata, macula of love, vomit and shit and the stains of pissing another week’s salary away, we picked up and drove to the stick men in shirt sleeves, the thin Bolshevik Jews who laughed out the sheets like the empty speech in cartoons. They smelled better than sin, better than decadent capitalism. And oh, we could deliver, couldn’t we, the lawless bags through the city that said in his yawn, get money, get money, get money.I wave good-bye when butter flies and cheer a boxing match, I've often watched my pillow fight, I've sewn a cabbage patch, I like to dance at basket balls or lead a rubber band, I've marvelled at a spelling bee, I've helped a peanut stand. It's possible a pencil points, but does a lemon drop? Does coffee break or chocolate kiss, and will a soda pop? I share my milk with drinking straws, my meals with chewing gum, and should I see my pocket change, I'll hear my kettle drum. It makes me sad when lettuce leaves, I laugh when dinner rolls, I wonder if the kitchen sinks and if a salad bowls, I've listened to a diamond ring, I've waved a football fan, and if a chimney sweeps the floor, I'm sure the garbage can.One marriage, three children, the usual hero-to-hump tale of jobs in alternating altitudes, stories of unrequited joy. Fresh identities, dramas unseen. Too much of dawn going dark, making for a rich meal of dread, when contemplating love above the brim. You also should talk about dealings with heavy weather and one-night agonies, as if descending permanently into a single distinction. It boils to skin and plain whim, or any fabrication sufficient to implicate the act. Just then, something glimpsed from a taxi careening through Paris, afterimages of a lost father’s face becomes a tree in the park, tall, rustling with allusions, or was it simply cool air stealing across your face— that isolation again?The leaves had fallen in that sullen place, 
but none around him knew just where they were. 
The sky revealed no sun. A ragged blur 
remained where each man's face had been a face. 
Two angels soon crept forth with trays of bread, 
circling among the lost like prison guards. 
Love is not love, unless its will affords 
forgiveness for the words that are not said. 
Still he could not believe that this was Hell, 
that others sent before him did not know; 
yet, once his name and memory grew faint, 
it was no worse, perhaps, than a cheap motel. 
It is the love of failure makes a saint. 
He stood up then, but did not try to go.Pótuia, pótuia  White grave goddess,  Pity my sadness,  O silence of Paros. I am not of these about thy feet,  These garments and decorum;  I am thy brother,  Thy lover of aforetime crying to thee,  And thou hearest me not. I have whispered thee in thy solitudes  Of our loves in Phrygia,  The far ecstasy of burning noons  When the fragile pipes  Ceased in the cypress shade,  And the brown fingers of the shepherd  Moved over slim shoulders;  And only the cicada sang. I have told thee of the hills And the lisp of reeds And the sun upon thy breasts, And thou hearest me not,  Pótuia, pótuia Thou hearest me not.Robed in dungeon black, in mourning For themselves they pass, repace The dark linoleum corridors Of humid wards, sure in the grace Of self-denial. Blown by duty, Jet sails borne by a high wind, Only the face and hands creep through The shapeless clothing, to remind One that a woman lives within The wrappings of this strange cocoon. Her hands reach from these veils of death To harvest a child from the raw womb. The metal scales of paradox Tip here then there. What can the nun Think of the butchery of birth, Mastery of the flesh, this one Vigorous mystery? Rude life From the volcano rolls and pours, Tragic, regenerate, wild. Sad, The unborn wait behind closed doors.The only relics left are those long spangled seconds our school clock chipped out when you crossed the social hall and we found each other alive, by our glances never to accept our town's ways, torture for advancement, nor ever again be prisoners by choice. Now I learn you died serving among the natives of Garden City, Kansas, part of a Peace Corps before governments thought of it. Ruth, over the horizon your friends eat foreign chaff and have addresses like titles, but for you the crows and hawks patrol the old river. May they never forsake you, nor you need monuments other than this I make, and the one I hear clocks chip in that world we found.I know a little what it is like, once here at high tide Stranded, for them to be so attached to the bottom’s Sarcophagus lids, up to their brown green gold wine Bottle necks in the prevailing booze, riding, as far As we can see, like a picnic on a blanket. Whatever plucks them from below the red horizon Like snapped pulleys and ropes for the pyramidal effort Of the moon, they come in, they come through the breakers, Heaps of hair, writing across the beach a collapsed Script, signers of a huge independence. Melville thought them pure, bitter, seeing the fog-sized Flies dancing stiff and renaissance above. But I Have eaten nori and dulse, and to have gone deep Before being cast out leaves hardly a taste of loneliness. And I take in their iodine.This is what you changed me to: a greypink vegetable with slug eyes, buttock incarnate, spreading like a slow turnip, a skin you stuff so you may feed in your turn, a stinking wart of flesh, a large tuber of blood which munches and bloats. Very well then. Meanwhile I have the sky, which is only half caged, I have my weed corners, I keep myself busy, singing my song of roots and noses, my song of dung. Madame, this song offends you, these grunts which you find oppressively sexual, mistaking simple greed for lust. I am yours. If you feed me garbage, I will sing a song of garbage. This is a hymn.Alone with our madness and favorite flower We see that there really is nothing left to write about. Or rather, it is necessary to write about the same old things In the same way, repeating the same things over and over For love to continue and be gradually different. Beehives and ants have to be re-examined eternally And the color of the day put in Hundreds of times and varied from summer to winter For it to get slowed down to the pace of an authentic Saraband and huddle there, alive and resting. Only then can the chronic inattention Of our lives drape itself around us, conciliatory And with one eye on those long tan plush shadows That speak so deeply into our unprepared knowledge Of ourselves, the talking engines of our day.She dances to the wheeze of my lungs. Were she taller, or had she both hind legs, she would lick my aching knees. There’s nothing like practice I firmly believe. Practice makes the heart grow fond. When the graft heals, you’ve apples on a cherry tree, delicious domestic freaks. I had a splendid grandmother, I might have made her up. She wore cotton dresses, usually blue, and glasses with thin gold frames and plastic cushions for the nose. The plastic was slightly pink, intended to blend with the flesh. She never raised her voice. Her knuckles enlarged, her goiter enlarged. There are ways within ways. A man will go down displaying himself in a nursing home. The mystery left, and there’s more than when we began, has nothing to do with reticence, or safety.Why do we bother with the rest of the day, the swale of the afternoon, the sudden dip into evening, then night with his notorious perfumes, his many-pointed stars? This is the best— throwing off the light covers, feet on the cold floor, and buzzing around the house on espresso— maybe a splash of water on the face, a palmful of vitamins— but mostly buzzing around the house on espresso, dictionary and atlas open on the rug, the typewriter waiting for the key of the head, a cello on the radio, and, if necessary, the windows— trees fifty, a hundred years old out there, heavy clouds on the way and the lawn steaming like a horse in the early morning.What vegetable leviathan extends beneath the dinner table, an unseen, monstrous green that pulls the chair out from under our faith   in appearances: see a mere tuft of leaf on the plate like a wing, but if it flies away, it undoubtedly will disturb the continental drift   asleep under the salad plate, the hidden world we forget as we reach for the smaller fork— (and now, mouth full, don't speak: politely   chew your leaf of firmament that's torn and tossed up in vinegar here as we'll be tossed before its vast root maybe someday or any moment).A flashlight rolls over the walls of a cave, searching, until the transducer comes to a halt low on my still-flat belly. The doctor says, "There's definitely a kid in there." Easy for her to say—she sees this all day. But it took us years to get to this point. Years in the dark. Months of nothing and never. Her expert eye interprets the grainy screen, which I can't stop reaching toward, pretending to point to features but really just longing to touch the image, as if it were somehow more there than in me, this tiny, blurry, leaping bison or bear, something from Altamira or Lascaux, from the hand of an ancestor— the first art we know.At San Raffaele Arcangelo    One angel got it all wrong. She plopped into this sad century feet first in her dark clothes. There wasn't much water that winter—just a few puddles really— to break her fall. Mud-splattered, she rose and shook like a canine. It didn't take long to see her soaked wings as a backdrop to all the nonmagic to which we were accustomed, or to see what passed for history as a forgetting of sorts. (Was that one or two wars?) Strange how, as she limped down a dim vicolo, some willful disc hovered above her more florid than a sky—how the putrid puddles with their last reflections could neither correct nor register that light.Survival is the final offer that arrives at the eleventh hour just when pain to the tenth power would kill you with another ninth degree. By then, relief strikes you brief as an eighth note; you wear doom proudly; it's your seventh seal. But life whispers through your sixth sense of what might await you in some fifth dimension where miracle is saved for the fourth quarter. Tricked, you sigh and rise on the third day. You know better, but with no second thought, risk that first step—absurd as first love at first sight— as if you were back at ground zero, as if it cost nothing, as if this were not the last laugh.Those dutiful dogtrots down airport corridors while gnawing at a Dunkin' Donuts cruller, those hotel rooms where the TV remote waits by the bed like a suicide pistol, those hours in the air amid white shirts whose wearers sleep-read through thick staid thrillers, those breakfast buffets in prairie Marriotts— such venues of transit grow dearer than home. The tricycle in the hall, the wife's hasty kiss, the dripping faucet and uncut lawn—this is life? No, vita thrives via the road, in the laptop whose silky screen shimmers like a dark queen's mirror, in the polished shoe that signifies killer intent, and in the solitary mission, a bumpy glide down through the cloud cover to a single runway at whose end a man just like you guards the Grail.According to Lin Yutang, both Po Chuyi and Su Tungpo "desperately admired" Tao Yuanming, a poet of nature who wrote a single love poem, a poem thought by Chinese dilettantes to be the one "blemish in a white jade." Can a poet be faulted for calling a womancarelessly perfect in beauty? He chose to long for her by envying the candle that glowed upon her beautiful face, the shadow that followed in her every move. Yet the nature poet Tao Yuanming, at home with the sudden turning of seasons, now feared the shadow in darkness, a discarded fan that once stirred her hair, feared the candle at dawn. At last believed that for beauty he had lived in vain.If ever there were a spring day so perfect, so uplifted by a warm intermittent breeze that it made you want to throw open all the windows in the house and unlatch the door to the canary's cage, indeed, rip the little door from its jamb, a day when the cool brick paths and the garden bursting with peonies seemed so etched in sunlight that you felt like taking a hammer to the glass paperweight on the living room end table, releasing the inhabitants from their snow-covered cottage so they could walk out, holding hands and squinting into this larger dome of blue and white, well, today is just that kind of day.I happen in 
from another unremarkable 
Tuesday in the realm 
of gratuitous sound, but here, 
I can hear again 
the quiet voices of the ontological, 
the clink of ice cubes 
in uplifted glasses, 
the scrape of chairs, 
the mournful lowing of floorboards, 
the long history of blood 
retold in my ears. 
I scuffle to the bar, thoughts 
drowned 
by my suddenly thunderous 
presence in this world, 
and the silence flowing 
from the neon jukebox, 
the silence going down 
smooth as the shot 
of loneliness that would 
naturally follow 
a Billie Holiday song 
if one were playing— 
—while everywhere hands 
are fluttering like sheets 
in winds of gossip, 
hollering above last call 
for one more round.It's been two thousand years now that, with a wounded leg,  the god's amazing loves have dragged along.  He has aged. Soon  he won't be noticed except from way up in a plane  in the markings of wheat  that yield the trace  of an ancient sanctuary.  He solicits a language of caresses,  open pasture, available bodies,  and the words refuse, and this elsewhere is already in his death  except for a slender purple flower under the sun.  He can still act the god all around,  evening's worn heart.  He guesses the flower will slip  fragile  from one century to the next with its prayer.It's the other ones, who soon enough return  to being happy after the funeral, that are nearest  to their own deaths—in their gaiety  and everyday distraction, they're so open  and unguarded . . . anything could enter them;  could claim them. It's the ones who weep  incessantly that are saved for now, the ones  who have taken a little of it  into their systems: this is how  inoculation works. And sorrow is difficult,  a job: it requires time to complete.  And the tears?—the salt  of the folk saying,  that gets sprinkled over the tail feathers  and keeps a bird from flying;  keeps it stationed in this world.I, as sinned against as sinning, 
take small pleasure from the winning 
of our decades-long guerrilla war. 
For from my job I've wanted more 
than victory over one who'd tried 
to punish me before he died, 
and now, neither of us dead, 
we haunt these halls in constant dread 
of drifting past the other's life 
while long-term memory is rife 
with slights that sting like paper cuts. 
We've occupied our separate ruts 
yet simmered in a single rage. 
We've grown absurd in middle age 
together, and should seek wisdom now 
together, by ending this row. 
I therefore decommission you 
as constant flagship of my rue. 
Below the threshold of my hate 
you now my good regard may rate. 
For I have let my anger pass. 
But, while you're down there, kiss my ass.Piraeus Archeological Museum    On the journey to the mundane afterlife, 
You travel equipped to carry on your trade: 
A bronze, small-toothed saw to make repairs, 
The stylus and the ink pot and the scraper, 
Wax tablets bound into a little book. 
Here is the tortoise shell for the cithara, 
Bored through with holes for strings, natural sound box. 
Here is the harp's wood triangle, all empty—
The sheep-gut having long since decomposed 
Into a pure Pythagorean music. 
The beeswax, frangible with centuries, 
Has puzzled all your lyrics into silence. 
I think you were a poet of perfection 
Who fled still weighing one word with another, 
Since wax forgives and warms beneath revision.In a hut far from the village  Li Hua bends over his canvas  like an insect.  He is so deliberate,  each stroke is a spider's legs  fighting the current.  There is a war in his veins,  a battle of desires.  He is jealous of Li Po  whose pictures glide  like the moon over dark water.  I do not wish  to disturb him  as he tries to make art  in this time of death,  so I will wait,  like a fly on the tip of a stick,  until he is finished.Small floater, you stay above the fray, 
a wink at nothing's nod, a raised brow 
watching p's and q's, a selfless mote 
between I and m, a little horn of plenty 
spilling plurals, disdaining the bottom line. 
Unlike your twin relatives—groupies of wit 
and wisdom, hangers on in the smallest talk—
you work alone, dark of a crescent moon. 
Laboring in obscurity, you never ask why, 
never exclaim, never tell anyone where to go. 
Caught up between extremes, you are both 
a turning away and a stepping forth, 
a loss and an addition. You are the urge 
to possess everything, and the sure sign 
that something is missing.Pale gold and crumbling with crust 
mottled dark, almost bronze, 
pieces of honeycomb lie on a plate. 
Flecked with the pale paper 
of hive, their hexagonal cells 
leak into the deepening pool 
of amber. On your lips, 
against palate, tooth and tongue, 
the viscous sugar squeezes 
from its chambers, sears sweetness 
into your throat until you chew 
pulp and wax from a blue city 
of bees. Between your teeth 
is the blown flower and the flower's 
seed. Passport pages stamped 
and turning. Death's officious hum. 
Both the candle and its anther 
of flame. Your own yellow hunger. 
Never say you can't take 
this world into your mouth.Though there's no such thing as a "self," I missed it—
the fiction of it and how I felt believing in it mildly 
like a book an old love sent with an inscription 
in his hand, whatever it meant, 
After such knowledge, what forgiveness . . .  —the script of it like the way my self felt 
learning German words by chance—Mitgefühl, Unheimlichkeit—and the trailing off that happened 
because I knew only the feelings, abstract 
and international, like ghosts or connotations 
lacking a grammar, a place to go: 
this was the way my self felt when it started 
falling apart: each piece of it clipped 
from a garden vaguely remembered 
by somebody unrecognizable—
such a strange bouquet that somebody sent 
to nobody else, a syntax of blossoms.The day had finally come  when everything there  seemed misplaced or out of place  as an ex's box of things. The unused  beside the irreplaceable, the easy-  to-assemble uncomplicated now  by disuse. Some hand  of randomness leaving behind  its lampshades stained  like ancient maps, its ladders  still climbing upward, and enough  old tools to restart a world.  Every drawer filled  with the other half of things.  Everything care embraced,  and held once as new,  left too ragged for another winter  to wear. Its ring of keys  dangling by a nail  for rooms left long ago. And whatever  I said I'd never forget  found, just as it seemed  completely forgot—all its letters  beginning with Dear....Everything is half here, 
like the marble head 
of the Roman emperor 
and the lean torso 
of his favorite. 
The way the funnel cloud 
which doesn't seem 
to touch ground does— 
flips a few cars, a semi— 
we learn to walk miles 
above our bodies. 
The pig farms dissolve, 
then the small hills. 
As in dreams fraught 
with irrevocable gestures, 
the ruined set seems larger, 
a charred palace the gaze 
tunnels through 
and through. How well 
we remember the stage— 
the actors gliding about 
like petite sails, the balustrade 
cooling our palms. 
Not wings or singing, 
but a darkness fast as blood. 
It ended at our fingertips: 
the fence gave way 
to the forest. 
The world began.The land is full of what was lost. What's hidden 
Rises to the surface after rain 
In new-ploughed fields, and fields stubbled again: 
The clay shards, foot and lip, that heaped the midden, 
And here and there a blade or flakes of blade, 
A patient art, knapped from a core of flint, 
Most broken, few as coins new from the mint, 
Perfect, shot through time as through a glade. 
You cannot help but think how they were lost: 
The quarry, fletched shaft in its flank, the blood 
Whose trail soon vanished in the antlered wood, 
Not just the meat, but what the weapon cost— 
O hapless hunter, though your aim was true— 
The wounded hart, spooked, fleeting in its fear— 
And the sharpness honed with longing, year by year 
Buried deeper, found someday, but not by you.The dance shoes, seduction 
and coercion, owned by male feet, 
roam floors that beg for chandeliers. 
In search of flat-footed beauty 
and a bed, where ever they might be, 
the handsome conversation attracts 
female followers trading on the smiles 
of curves. The next steps are dizzying 
and leave dresses dipped and hung over 
with a purse and heart opened at 
their tops. The wallflowers can't say 
when the tango with the rag doll began, 
but witnesses toasted a conga line 
of would-be brides that transcend 
a retirement community in Florida, 
each giving up their precious moments 
on Earth to fandango's flimflam.Forgiving the living is hard 
enough, shrugging away all the wounds 
delivered with kisses and curses, 
the thousand and one petty slights 
that bled me to an albino shade, 
that shadow me even in dreams. 
But the dead are altogether 
another matter, not easily to be 
enlightened and quite beyond regretting 
anything (as far as we can tell) 
and most likely indifferent to 
our common currency of tears. 
And so it is that pissing on your grave 
doesn't please me as much as it ought to. 
Now that you have passed beyond 
all blaming and shaming, what can I do 
but rise and proclaim sincere admiration 
when my turn comes around to speak?Unraveling velvet, wave after wave, driven  by wind, unwinding by storm, by gravity thrown—  however, heaving to reach you, to find you, I've striven  undulant, erosive, blown—  or lying flat as glass for your falling clear  down: I can't swallow you. So why  have I felt I've reached you—as two reflected stars,  surfaced, lie near—as if the sky's  close element is one in me, where starfish  cleave to stones—if you're so far?  I've touched you, I know, but my rush ;   subsides; our meetings only leave desire's  fleeting trace. Every place I touch you  changes shape. Shore, lie down—  undo. I'll fill your thirsty bones with blue.  I'll flood your every cave and we'll be one.In the beginning we could hear their swords cutting jewels 
From the protected orchard while our children heard fine teeth 
Dragging along empty granary floors. Between us and them 
Stands the great wound, swallowing all tears, all voices. 
Transfixed or transformed by this pain? We never know because 
Who can slip through the gate without throwing a shadow 
Toward both the past and present? Fire, flood, famine— 
All we've wished upon them a thousand times, still they inch 
Back and taunt us with their persistence. We track them down 
To a quick end. More come. And the old memories grow new. 
The future seems already written with a pen of iron. The book 
Unreadable, immense. The enemy has become our masterpiece.Map of terror and pleasure, ardent junk, passionate congress filled with the arguments of chemicals, Echo chamber for the fanatical cries of stubborn generations, all the quaint invisibles death has grown a beard on, labyrinth of desire, playing field of impulse, factory where decay's silent armies clock in, philosopher-clown blowing a horn at each epiphany. Washed by the rough nurse of morning, wheeled into the ward of the afternoon, feeds, grateful, on the rich broth of dusk. Reads the erratic cards of dreams, turns on the rack of insomnia, steals the two-bit grace of sleep. Loses its name in foreign embraces, forges a passport to the country of tenderness, gestures like a child at the thing that it wants, opaque from its own breath on the glass.My son's been learning time: big hand 
and little, powers of sixty 
and of twenty-four, the slow semaphore 
of days. He's brought home paper plates 
from kindergarten, arrows pointing 
at his favorite hours. So far 
the face of every clock has smiled. 
And before we read to sleep each night 
he crosses off another square 
on the calendar above his bed, 
counting down to Christmas or to nothing 
in particular, sometimes just a line 
he draws uphill or down, check marks 
like the ones his teacher leaves 
on sheets he's filled with capitals 
and lower cases, other times a pair 
of thick lines like the crossed bones 
on a pirate's flag, an X 
as if to mark the treasure buried 
in some ordinary week, 
no day yet a cross to bear.Day and night, the lake dreams of sky. A privacy as old as the mountains And her up there, stuck among peaks. The whole eye Fastened on hawk, gatherings of cloud or stars, So little trespass. An airplane once Crossed her brow; she searched but could not find A face. Having lived with such strict beauty She comes to know how the sun is nothing But itself and the path it throws; the moon A riddled stone. If only a hand Would tremble along her cheek, would disturb. Even the elk Pass by, drawn to the spill of creeks below— How she cannot help abundance, even as it leaves Her, as it sings all the way down the mountain.Rent a flatbed with a winch. With the right leverage anything can be hoisted, driven off. Or the man with a Bobcat comes in, then the hauler with his enormous truck. A leveler or a lawyer does the rest; experts always are willing to help. The structure was old, rotten in spots. Hadn't it already begun to implode? Believe you've just sped the process up. Photographs, toys, the things that break your heart—let's trust they would have been removed, perhaps are safe with the children who soon will have children of their own. It's over. It's time for loss to build its tower in the yard where you are merely a spectator now. Admit you'd like to find something discarded or damaged, even gone, and lift it back into the world.Trust that there is a tiger, muscular 
Tasmanian, and sly, which has never been 
seen and never will be seen by any human 
eye. Trust that thirty thousand sword- 
fish will never near a ship, that far 
from cameras or cars elephant herds live 
long elephant lives. Believe that bees 
by the billions find unidentified flowers 
on unmapped marshes and mountains. Safe 
in caves of contentment, bears sleep. 
Through vast canyons, horses run while slowly 
snakes stretch beyond their skins in the sun. 
I must trust all this to be true, though 
the few birds at my feeder watch the window 
with small flutters of fear, so like my own.It may be esoteric and perverse  That I consult Pythagoras to hear  A music tuning in the universe.  My interest in his math of star and sphere  Has triggered theorems too far-fetched to solve.  They don't add up. But if I rack and toil  More in ether than a mortal coil,  It is to comprehend how you revolve,  By formulas of orbit, ellipse, and ring.  Dear son and daughter, if I seem to range  It is to chart the numbers spiraling  Between my life and yours until the strange  And seamless beauty of equations click  Solutions for the heart's arithmetic.I go down to the edge of the sea. How everything shines in the morning light! The cusp of the whelk, the broken cupboard of the clam, the opened, blue mussels, moon snails, pale pink and barnacle scarred— and nothing at all whole or shut, but tattered, split, dropped by the gulls onto the gray rocks and all the moisture gone. It's like a schoolhouse of little words, thousands of words. First you figure out what each one means by itself, the jingle, the periwinkle, the scallop ;   full of moonlight. Then you begin, slowly, to read the whole story.Protestants pray for grace, Scientists look to space. Jews find truth in the Torah, New Agers, in each other's aura. Catholics are blessed by a Pope, Yaquis enlightened by dope. Maoris use ritual chants, Navahos get up and dance. Muslims bow daily to Allah, Norsemen aspire to Valhalla. Feminists swear by a She, Quakers swear not, silently. Confucians kowtow to ancestors, Hare Krishnas, to airport investors. Hindus revere Lord Brahma, Richard Gere, the Dalai Lama. Baptists believe in the Ark, Physicists, in the quark. Moonies obey Reverend Sun, Mormons say Brigham's the one. Daoists extol yang and yin, Sufis transcend in a spin. Shintos seek peace where it's grassy, Rastas, in Haile Selassie. When we meet in the Afterlife, We can laugh at sectarian strife. But meanwhile back to the wars, 'Cause my God's better than yours.Whatever it may be, we may suppose 
it is not love, for love must leave its trace 
like contraband seized and displayed in rows; 
is not sufficient reason to erase 
the careful lives we have so far lived through— 
there is no call for us to undermine 
the walls we've built; no need to think anew 
of all the chains and choices that define 
us still. And yet for all our fine intent 
a single touch ignites the night and tries 
resolve past all resisting. What we meant 
before we mean again; fidelities 
have yet been known to shift and come undone 
and all good reasons fail us, one by one.When you are already here you appear to be only a name that tells of you whether you are present or not and for now it seems as though you are still summer still the high familiar endless summer yet with a glint of bronze in the chill mornings and the late yellow petals of the mullein fluttering on the stalks that lean over their broken shadows across the cracked ground but they all know that you have come the seed heads of the sage the whispering birds with nowhere to hide you to keep you for later you who fly with them you who are neither before nor after you who arrive with blue plums that have fallen through the night perfect in the dewPut an ear to the light at fall of dark and you will hear nothing. This pale luminescence that drifts in upon them makes a blue bole of their caves, a scare of their scything tails. They tell in the bubbling dark of images that come in upon them when light spreads like an oil slick and sea fans that once were their refuge turn away. Now there is no dark dark enough for their silver tails, scatter of color (like coins massively piling in the lap of a miser) that was, in the day, their pride.How hugely here we belong. This is their song in the silting drift of the reef. They have never seen the moon nor the black scut of night, stars spread like plankton in their beastly infinities.has crawled out of the ocean  to carry us from sleep, like sleep,  the gray of outer Sunset portending  the gray of inner Sunset. And so on.  On the N, one should invent  intricate fictions for the lives  of the passengers: time is a game.  Soon we will be underground.  But first, the long lush green  of Duboce Park, the happiness of dogs!  Good-bye now to their owners  eyeing one another. Good-bye  to the park's locked men's room,  where once a man was found dead,  his penis shoved into his own mouth.  The world continues, the engine  of the world the letter N.I see you shuffle up Washington Street whenever I am driving much too fast: you, chub & bug-eyed, jaw like a loaf hands in your pockets, a smoke dangling slack from the slit of your pumpkin mouth, humped over like the eel-man or geek, the dummy paid to sweep out gutters, drown the cats. Where are you going now? Though someday you'll turn your gaze upon my shadow in this tinted glass I know for now you only look ahead at sidewalks cracked & paved with trash but what are you slouching toward—knee-locked, hippity, a hitch in your zombie walk, Bighead?What a fuckup you are.    What dumbshit you do.    Your father's voice    still whispers in you, ;   despite the joys    that sweeten each day.    Your Genius it isn't    until, dying away, ;   it worms back through    the sparkling dream    where you drown him    in an inch-deep stream: ;   your knee in his back,    your strength on his skull,    it begins singing    praise for your skill.Not Delft or delphinium, not Wedgewood among the knickknacks, not wide-eyed chicory evangelizing in the devil strip— ; ; ;But way on down in the moonless ; ; ;octave below midnight, honey, ; ; ;way down where you can't tell cerulean from teal. Not Mason jars of moonshine, not waverings of silk, not the long-legged hunger of a heron or the peacock's iridescent id— ; ; ;But Delilahs of darkness, darling, ; ; ;and the muscle of the mind ; ; ;giving in. Not sullen snow slumped against the garden, not the first instinct of flame, not small, stoic ponds, or the cold derangement of a jealous sea— ; ; ;But bluer than the lips of Lazarus, baby, ; ; ;before Sweet Jesus himself could figure out ; ; ;what else in the world to do but weep.Just then, encountering my ruddy face    in the grand piano's cold black craquelure,    it conjured the jack-o'-lantern moon    dipping up over the roofs of the Tenderloin. ;   Only when I have done with the myths—    the inner spill that triggers us to flame,    breasts so sensitive a moment's touch ; ;   will call down fever; the dark sea-lane ;   between limbic squall and the heart's harbour—    will I picture you, just beyond innocence,    lying stripped by a thrown-wide window,    letting the cool breeze covet your ardour.Minnesota 
snapping turtles 
clutched by little cities 
are wet busts of moonstone 
wreathed in scum, 
the gray self sugared, 
half a lot 
of granite 
phlegm stopped 
upon a chaise longue, 
that incoming 
pod of him 
dunked, 
thorny hooves aswim. 
Lichen licked him, 
then he quivered 
in the stem, 
and didactic stoicism stitched 
him tight with 
a neat twine. 
Even when 
tapped on the back 
by a barefoot tricyclist 
with a bulging wheaten midriff, 
he does not respond 
except that 
a flagellant
paddling worm 
nested in 
the necropolis 
of his nape twists 
in disgust 
under the skin, 
keeping all the grim social hate 
safe 
in him.The number of corners in the soul can't compare with the universe's dimensions folded neatly into swans. In the soul's space, one word on a thousand pieces of paper the size of cookie fortunes falls from the heavens. At last, the oracular answer, you cry, pawing at the scraps that twirl like seed-pod helicopters. Alas, the window to your soul needs a good scrubbing, so the letters doodle into indecipherables just like every answer that has rained down through history, and you realize, in your little smog of thought that death will simply be the cessation of asking, a thousand cranes unfolding themselves and returning to the trees.;The Blue Hole Summer Fair, set up and spread out like a butterfly pinned down on paper. Twin bright-lit wings, identically shaped (and fenced) and sized. ;This side holds the waffled-tin (and oven-hot) huts of the Home Arts Booths and Contests, the hay-sweet display-cages for the 4-H livestock, the streamer-hung display-stages where girl-beauties twirl and try for queen. There's rosette-luster (and -lusting), and the marching band wearing a hole in Sousa. And (pursed) gaggles and clutches of feather-white neighbor-women, eyeballing us like we're pig's feet in a jar. ; ; ; ; ; I wonder does her boy talk Chinese? ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;    You ever seen that kind of black-headed? ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  Blue shine all in it like a crow.Never the bark and abalone mask cracked by storms of a mastering god, never the gods’ favored glamour, never the pelagic messenger bearing orchards in its beak, never allegory, not wisdom or valor or cunning, much less hunger demanding vigilance, industry, invention, or the instinct to claim some small rise above the plain and from there to assert the song of another day ending; lentil brown, uncounted, overlooked in the clamorous public of the flock so unlikely to be noticed here by arrivals, faces shining with oils of their many miles, where it hops and scratches below the baggage carousel and lights too high, too bright for any real illumination, looking more like a fumbled punch line than a stowaway whose revelation recalls how lightly we once traveled.I count nineteen white blossoms which would not be visible except for their wiry stems that catapult them above the grass like the last white pop of fireworks, a toothed blast of leaf below. It’s the Fourth of July on the bank of Hinkson Creek fifty years ago, the powder- bitterness, the red combustion, my life, sinceanemos means wind, means change, no matter that I’ve been held all along in this thin twenty miles of atmosphere. The wind’s disturbed the leaves, rolled the waves, convincing enough. Each star of a bloom is driven upward almost against its small nature. All it can do is hang on and die. Still, it did want to go as high as possible, for some reason, to sway up there like an art object.Beginning on a line by Silvio Rodríguez    How will it taste—the beer the gravedigger 
will drink after bestowing your dirt coat? 
What will he say—you keeled the outrigger 
too south, & when the breakers rolled, no boats 
heard your Mayday? & will he ask his friends 
at the bar—if someone calls a Mayday 
& there is no one at the other end 
of any radio, did Kevin A. 
González really exist? O second 
person, what would you do without you? Where 
would Kevin A. González hide? Our bond 
is over. The red of the rockets’ glare 
has faded. Your grave has been dug. Gone too 
are the days when I tried to speak through you.