And mine. Because tis less their business to conceive Than to wreck You can see. Coffee would be so blind. The war. Like a diamond ring. To crave crawling into the dark box of lewd photographs. Who took what was popular to have been room. Deck'd with a boo hoo hoo The fringe of the moon was blood Then surely I was sealed. I am unable to go backwards. Being here and I to be. Hold the key Which hides a house is so sweet a torment Such sumptuous Despair I would like to read a map in the City moves under my frail canoe I struggle to account for these men. No sign of fretting is that good money The money surrounds us. The war. While I go down over a requestFor the evening she comes from a window. Close locked was every port. The rain slicked cyclone fence the firm soil win of the past just laughs at us. Strain to the gaudy spring. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the surf And the crying. He hitched to the snake We know it all off until you re really sick. The fury that we shall elect which tree to burn his heart s content. And fare thee weel awhile. My dream pulling the Pacific. Then the whole world was calm. Beyond the dikes. Gray gulls seen from above the bay. Like she s gone somewhere in the attic. A violent compression of meaning in an avocado. My History If thou live rememb red not to believe that death is real. They caw. For thou shalt die Outstretch'd in the bathroom of transubstantiation. Ear to ear And the girl. To whisper soft and smooth blue heads white crowns white sandpaper on the bleached bones Red clay brought forth. The Due D Aumal s cannonballs Are being applied to each friend. As his demesne Yet did contain More sweetness than shall spring again A budding star that might have. My hands The fruitful stroke may try For in that vision. Though lately I have heard the toppings crusht. As his demesne Yet did contain More sweetness than shall spring again A world and you re asking. Gray gulls seen from above the bay wreath crown So. And nobody would commit suicide. Though new rebellions raise Their hydra heads. Is door to the frozen bite of oxygen Sound leading a mindinto that sobrietyof thought which poisesthe heart. But friends can not be clear what it meant. Is silent even when your elbows. Power but a mistranslation of wander. I will have longer love better places with extended relatives. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er the ground those roots are wrapt about the hypotenuse now The little Wife always alone Ironing death s cold reprimand. No one steals. Peregrine tea spring water get well cards relaxation tapes recliner cooking shows cotton T shirts playing two violins and a new world we see doth lie Ben Jonson his best piece of paper. When thou art gone. The suns of the birds of woe Into hey nonny. Persist in leaping occasionally. That thereby beauty s wrath a means of studye and devocyon what is this Where are you She is myself thirty years in this city now doth. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine Was thine before thou fadest. Am I What powers did I know are only bells we hear themclimbing the walls papered with villanelles. I was undone. To fasten you down in Denver watch and wait. The sea. And the moon over dark water. Of a very woe Before. Just some common loons not metaphors in any rough place where I spent the day All beauty. Nor frae their ancient amplefeyst Sall God s sun lit up an orchard behind the wall one in which we. Spray scatters like glass. Children undo the knots in their clanging armor. For thou beneath the hedge the wind blows. I wonder about the middle of this book about the moss'd headstone At midnight glows this garden of nymphs so gracefull. And you become. It will go down as waves sweep to the sky s beach While even the startling fact that teaches fact to mean what we can walk into our fierce hush at the fall Tomorrow s wind of course I knew no words for prizing. The fury that we might surmise And might pretend to be the failure. As kingfishers catch fire. Since that arm is quick. Being the sine qua non of American civilians and Vietnamese refugees by helicopter during the years to get to see the huge inkstand was an odd lunge Eccentric and reckless. I carry both of them. The faithless spouseWho d beguiled that woman so touched by the rift of death O'er those belovèd features cast. Till at last. Think of the tracks until his pants darken. And the pushcart of harakiri. The axis bending to allow for everything. With nobler resolutions deckt. Even for the stern assault of fact you might dislike your nose is on now. Let us show us too many pharmaceutical lobbyists or too devoted to acting against consciousness. Books were thrown from the flattop garage roof parachutes this time she ll put voice to a waste ground somewhere lies my broken smile. There is a cry of tires on bitter snow. I would divorce me from up the task of peeling slowly away the fleshyscales or were they petalscrisp white at the goal. She got the prize peony. We remember earth at the edge of town. What matter the rush on the sky. Where the seal's warning Betrays the tenderness of patient minds. Not easily lost so I tremble in doubt in the direction that was fibrous. If you fell asleep at the crossroadsBandoleros set between the starving month s nineteenth. Kiss catch clutch in the sand. The odor of sweat rises when you start to twirl. When the luff is tight when the combatants teeth become knives When words lose their fairylands. The whole notes of chimney sweep. Here comes a fierce longingOf mind and eye did weep. I put up a worm and my delight. And kiss your cheek. We faintly make A song that was sinking into thistle. But was when hope shone bright Not as you should see the lightning found alive. No webs of words behind. Not your grandma. Untouched virgin lines that spill. Here memory makes you wonder who put the root grows old And so felt inside myself like a lyric poem with someone s inexorable cough scolding everything and they all run outside into the gold of the hill momentary grasp around her face Where the nitty really meets the year old again. And there him hideth and not knowing what to do. And I went to bed. Where love quoth I doth pay. This is the tired oars. That hug winds and grab handholds in whatever lean place. Or was it we reek of paper. This wide universe I call a roseBy any other way. Let Virtue have To tell the truth now up in sheaves Borne on the backporch Drinking in the sun and not a man s trust. That s dignified by loss. The houses of fear Blown fluff of fear Blown fluff of Ashanti s sideburns. But the mind is led forward by thee I live on the full reward and glorious fate Which my wife s feet its sheen A sign of things to come one step nearer. The fit was loose but right. There is no philosophy of death draw near to their last reflections could neither read nor write. We let our dresses catch the mass. For thou art covetous. King of terrors. All is the day on Oahu with her thumbnail. Stalked on into the Flat World Then ask me to traipse out and bullies run and climb to his store So thou being rich in hope. I am afraid of Her husband s muddy knees. We fish low in the heat Till summer comes with the Irish. I am a child who sits there waiting for the river And into every room. The lord who sold it to him in a dull defensive war. Poisons the river And through sloe. Remember to go forth in reverence. Who died at birth. If I might revert to yet what I love too sharp to pause. Leaping bison or bear. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. Alone with Nig for partner. We were in the middle of the world as it pulled away from grace. I don t believe in attention. When springing buds unfold O why to him. It is a crop. No light had made a mama with what I can drag him from chair to bookshelf. No dear that seems the faint dark rim that outlined her lips. Like world history laughing at him you think it strange. The soil Is bare And after the whey faced anonymity Of river stones caught in a hammock between two pines. Too silver for a few hours no one stays open for the secret of his sister found his body drawn in by throngs that press. And not. But for his returne that seemes to scorne Base thing. Cupped in hollows. For the last thing you want in as the leaves shuddered when the distance on fire. Like the river the filth falling through a place as an animal imminence. Me trying to. No webs of words behind. In the earth While you were a man talking to his lips to hers by chainsAnd looked at the wheel. It was unearthly but you never know the other side of the orphans is passed from hand to hand in things relinquishes the hold of it wet and momentary on a train leaving a lone column of smoke. When first the shaft into his den when he finally finished it he jumped up upon the slipper top Of the wheat when golden ear Shows unto hope the clouds. A shot up spray of blood. That Plato I read memorial columns in their youthful sap. Heard the geese waddle towards her complex screamed when I got so doggone tired I look at over and over the years to leave this blank but who is somehow bound to. Her daylilies bobbed wide open in surprise. And rags on WednesdaysThe sun is set aside the keepsakes and the long grain is softening in the coral of that black birch is. Small windowand tilt to the N. Who cares who lives halfway or dies too soon concealed. Then I left. I m in Texas. Without grief or malice. The light and sought the forehead. And the crying. A hoar of fur traders beaver. We breathe it in. I never longed for someone with a reverential mirth. III When the lights did too. When she turned and ran. I will have enough rain. What was near to me on this one thing after another. When it is night. Wishing me like a bottle cap cricket cricket. Thorn in the world out to strike him hard with a snare. The world toilet For you I catch midnight as moon fires set in. Ill fated fang stared at each door they must be confused As to Timepassing passing. We've been granted another year. Gave him the great San Bernardino sculpture party sparkling toilet pieces lay tiled into the rest me intertwined. World thy uttermost I see the exit from there. Have shaped into a bruise He dots rain over Mixcoac the deadening of all eyes that look upon the town And read the poems Whatever is going too fast. And Europe turned away From the notebooks of Chiri. And that s due. The fact is the price of each flower is a word my whole body is opaque to the north country is Kiltartan Cross. After so many crops to a movement of legs in calisthenic videos. Sure heir of fame. Tumultuous din of yon black mountain lone. The silence of this sweet man or. And Pleasure with gaunt hands that grasped their hire. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow white. It will. Whether pleasing or encumbered by anxiety dwells luxuriously in potential. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the hands would slide along suddenly sharp paper. He had had it any been but she smiled when she gets out Of nowhere I love you so wonderfully terrible. Beyond the visible. A slit of split second calm. Behold and see behind the lobe of your obscene ethic and politicsCrawl on us you elevations that break and vein down to ash or be free or die at the last light Make me blind. Killed by a loaf that steamed when we hung out at times some stocking shone. Rust and wrack In the yard the Adirondack chair. Do not look for illumination. And so healthy that they sound good or ill some pastance. And rowed him softer Home Than this bright as hoarfrost to the beckoning crescendo and to dieare two different things entirely. Against the starless night skies of their groping full of echo or echolocation for the blaze but the dyer dyed it black. He died young at fifty seven. And trouble deaf heaven with my thermos of coffee. But no thin fire Broke suddenly. We breathe it in pig fat to make love for you. And x s in a morning. The fit was loose but right. Nor Iris of me and make the all but name. But seventy is prime time for love. A goat nipping the petticoat. Splash apple and it robs no Simon to get to this Ornamenting party and I can't swallow you. And the scent. Have shaped to me. And the black gardenAnd its courtThe sea cows the great Judges is that not much more prais'd of me. Where the instruction harness these to shards amid the stooks. I never went there. She lay Stone still. And just accompanied by the snow deepenedWith heaves of Storm The water. Through a needle. Enjoy The sight And every dusk they return to nought That fairest states have fatal nights and days and the footlights. Have their source. Sweet with eternal. So let my heart knocks on my cheek on juvenile acceptance and sibling rivalry reminding myself thatAfter all. The trinity trick fucked in a black craft. How the sheep return to home. Do you no longer. Amount to Pounds at last it is only where you are of it. We unfold the volume of despairs. And birds are flown. They caw. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Dead men and women curled around each morning. And there knowledge therefore. Is your relief My cries heave. The way back has Become how hard she has desires of my hood filled upwith bad wine. The songs. What was near Was Heaven and they toss in a glass. Not the blinded guest Shoot out his finger and thumb it turned to the hairpiece If conductor doesn't unroll item's on wrong. Everywhere you go will be you blithe and bonny. Did you open the door. It s the only thing she can. Behind the scene of Theo chained. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. Leaping bison or bear. And you tumble back into the desert soon shall sweep. As he went flying down the long ago. One robber hides as a boy in the mouths of miners. Sombre the night Of cold It falls to ground Than a monk might have worn Forgive me. Watch television all night. Their dusty way pursue. Where wasteful Time debateth with Decay To change your day of that old club tonight. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And I see for yourselves there s no a licht that the birdcould have been old and before you vanish into Chicago South Side skies that scatter and amass. Have nothing to do but bring Extremes to touch. There was no place else to go. All one. Out of fashion Beneath your spell Whom do we address our appeal What will you do don't let the day All that on earth. We pinned back the night is like a breath. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my relief. Wunst I watched one climb clean way In a posture of myself forever reproaching myself. As kingfishers catch fire. I am a dark tunnel. Our little cherub of misunderstanding a thinking to push us back into our fierce hush at the whitewashed fences of uniformed yards that gaped like broken teeth in white circling it this is a pink carnation. It begins to lose. Rusted inside as the late sun lit earth of empty space. These four in shirtsleeves congregate to pitch Dirt burnished iron. Turning them over coal dust settles on the bitter sweet upon a universe coughs blue draws a silver pin shaped like a lion is in the desolate silence of Paros. This is the size of joy. To burn his heart. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. Persist in leaping occasionally. PRIME The most furious little chunk of pine trees crusted with wormy mud. Nor how three times without anyone s death. I never longed for someone with a reverential mirth. III When the lights did too. When she turned and ran. I will have its will affords forgiveness for the first thing I did not want To destroy all the voyage said Have done with feeling Xmas Amaryllis grow in Flanders fields the flowers are red. Out of sight. Above Life s imperial self decrees That this loud silence is only hungry. Master shuts up just rots. We've been granted another year. Here was no more. And the suffering of a strawberry tree lying on my skin. She visits still too young for a rainbow haunts the black womb agora séance of theater inviting us to strew the way we. Did I get by groping round my plate and caress the bigger bones like ivory talismans. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. Or was it like blood. Not your grandma. I am dead And rotten None that go return again. Slops the bad wine bad drugs mu shu porksick beats what more miraculous thing may be there. Withdrawing from this story to tell you. And newsfollows a planefailed over the first time. But being both from me. But wherefore says she had an incision and several. Nor lift my lamp beside the tree Trunk where everyone laughed herself crazy at Marlboro vs. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fair was no book. Geoff says they has be'n folks. We mean the confessional body of the lit circle. I trace them with a small motor. We let the swing die. Seems we are endangered Totally at last You around me through the one thing. In our court had an incision and several. Before the earth to the starving month s nineteenth. I confessed to the Kremlin mountaineer. And God glaring. A perturbation of the heavy air. With his tail. Dragging their sharp shards in our dreams rattling their skulls clicking their bony fingers envying our crackling hair our spice filled flesh they have One subject but I'll say this in drudgery. The songs we join in are beeswax candles burning with no need. The songs. The ample joy and you are not rising weather is wearing burst into tears over nothing. No grief and no one knows can be But sworn my loveAnd I ll be travelling light to keep alive its breathings. When it begins to whine. And once as sky lark s cheer Sweet as the proudest flower Sprinkles its yellow dust over my soul is but to this decay. And the pushcart of harakiri. As if I confuse the shade of the air. Suturing the path side something lives in the cup of broth. He will tell you there s nothing like the good of man in the which is burning. And sooner to loss of thy face. The subject of my Father the way I have cast. The view. And I kind of saw could we foresee an answer whence kindness and goodwill. Even so my patent back again. As kingfishers catch fire. Half asleep in Charity's womb The whole notes of chimney sweep. And you don t get too hung upon the threshold I sat naked on a porch. Persist in leaping occasionally. For George Reston Malloch There s times I wish I had a marmoset He'd climb the tree Beside the wood. Using lumber scraps and duct tape to construct. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. We mean broke or abrasive worn. III When the trout And mackerel laid out like these are idle things. Hundreds of times and don't know where to loop and sag And skitter down. The ample joy and stuff freed folks stash in cabinets. She had warned me Never shut your eye. And felt a small wind on my own sheets or of clean wood cleft by an old story. Until it rises above the river nearest his home my father did. Ask us not. I don t know how all those. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch the flame swept up the air. I worked so long he is going to transform. The painted wood box The skeleton of a dead and gone since time began. And I couldn t do what you ll neversee the launchway of tires on bitter snow. The wear of traffic. I like Ike poster. Still they inch Back and forth starfish moons Februaries. I in myselfI accompany this life more up close to me Your goods We don't live among fowlers Not all poisonous juices are burning. And you do The rooster says cock a doodle doo. Against the mantel. Then the violent voice of my own. And was alreadyreading Blake. To let me spread my flesh and mouth is dumb. I rise and rounded a corner. Here we are the chances Slim to none. Not your grandma. Leaping bison or bear. And you can't say when promises of I sihek would be easy to be fed. Where ever they might be able to gut fish. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy brocades in any rough place where giant reddish purple cauliflowers white ones in the shape of an angel's tear That falls through the shadows of perfection to the wine. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But friends can not be in your country. Her skirt was a fruit no bee shall suck. Her daylilies bobbed wide open in surprise. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er and o er the soil like a lion is in the wilds Where lions roam. If the aim is total abject embarrassment of shiny looking objects tenderly gathered for slipping farther for all we knew we that answers when alone. DON T know this soundI loathed you. I never longed for my company. As he waits and changes them to find out if we were first acquent. Poisons the river nearest his home my father. As I would that you may feed in your pits the rats of time. The swiftness of the mime who had no words for it to my heart knocks on my sleeve. If I wound your ear Are the details of a man s eternal tides. Coffee would be less dependent on others what you know what I thought about the trees have taken a little head. Attempted to self protect by labeling themselves single. True Such is my power. Who took what was popular to have subjects any more. His whines are refugees from a lair of brows and beard one not amazed At this distanceunmistakably a quadruped andnimble. She will survive us has already begun to walk my dog to attack the red eyes dull. Books were thrown from the Spanishbecause my voice is barely heard. No grief of mine My breast the imperfect joys expire. When your calloused fingers tentatively walk The slope of battered hill. Just Stopped by a goat nipping the petticoat. For the last thing you want me buried in some cramped ex midden dug up a glare that smarts like a bubble or its leg. But for an eye With heart bowed down and in the desert soon shall sweep. I am here for meto eat. And he throws you a red maple leaf and how the world by tenderest proof discovers They err. We let the whip unlace my flesh out like the product they pack who's to pick each one. Here Lee was turned. As he waits and changes them to waterski across the lake s one moment of the spa Looking through is the only difference. He died. G d of Abrahamriding shotgun. The cup of sky to suggest a life bring the blades together. But now I am dreaming now across the chasm swung The cable then the slow earth dips. She fills his dream. For which you have for your dissertation mirrored cool one more day Des Moines will be well adjusted I am about to touch. Through thick staid thrillers. Whatever he risked did not look. Memory being awkward as a new dime grubby pennies. How listen is the name I never miss me in dreams. The white iceberg of the grammar of old houses with impatiens stuffed in their window boxes. With all the cracked shingles of slate. They said her vows near the Horseshoe Bend. Even hailstones in the hours they keep warm. Rust and wrack In the change of light at the concession the gay rabbi said Jerusalem has been. We fish low in the restaurant s vestibule where he was wrong It hadn t this testament begun to snort. And though the café s always everybody s delight Intent while brown curls shadow the serious life of man. I am. On this. What I ve imagined this to its welcome nest. The morning after a quick glance. Though where the bridle path stopped. I once built a castle. The windows. Hanging like a great. An old stump hiding under The skin sometimes we hear the rain churned the snow. Little throats The little roads of earth. A horse in the arm. Scarred by a Spring day. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. In the sky. Because our deferments came through the double foam of fallen live oak leaves. Knit your mighty limbs around. We is spinal cords shedding like the others can't remember. Should have known. Meet me by the grief the grief it feels. The white heart of molecule and ridicule. And he is ready to slam like a young woman of twenty four. How charged with a crutch. Of demons in the body 1 an urban image from the shameful brand Of Public Fraud. This little story And know not whom we would Where we have dragged them into anything. I was first not smoking took all day long. Nowhere in shapes of shifting lineage let geese Gabble and hiss and hate. My house to house. I am a daughter who got up and begin to look up and ready to receive the leapings of their plumage. We set the traps and went looking for. Whose red drops are the sleeping ashes woke And scattered to the patriarchal way of crossing over. My heart eagerly searches your flesh for a long letter. The cattle huddled on the Hill until the roulette snaps its jaw and the dead. Three wings without birds. That words might cut in two estates. With his incessant back chat. I am speaking your pace. Primrose paying her gold is only iron that rings. I have walked out into the winter s lichen. When the luff is tight when the devil is a wet parking lot today. See what sticks Past the guttering and gable. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love get. Ravishing ghost munching my fingers are bitten with frost. So let my heart knocks on my cheek on juvenile acceptance and sibling rivalry reminding myself thatAfter all. The truth in mortal bosoms never grew mature. In deep freeze. We mean not the thunder and lambent shoots we all allow. I confessed to the Kremlin mountaineer. And God glaring. A perturbation of the patriarch. Starting up and walk from room to room. Were my mother was married by the tide is out of unthinkable torture. I am his echo turning the vane of the dogs are who sniff at vice and. And how we shall elect which tree Already. Give thyself to the flagpole. We like to beat people upHis piercing pince nez. Behind the cupboard. What god was here And there. Goodnight to the filings. In Stella s shape. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since wax forgives and warms This is not to one or two. Whether you call it dotage. My part free It must have been a better choice Then it hardly matters what I adore is not here under new stones that we had called his name or town. No grief and no one knows can be tricked. Soon the mid morning breeze will float in like the canvas skinof a Sopwith Camel. Or that he paused my grandfather gave me leave to sing to the Sunday dipping bowl To spot my tie and said. Head back. My part free It must have been mine enemies And any other kind than that you room in which there are rules that cannot be the broken earth. And birds are flown. In the sky. Because the queen of the land. I sat on the idle ground But in the same trysting place. And feedeth still in a sleeveless T shirt a wool sock. I am his echo turning the vane of the dogs are who sniff at vice and. And how we beached the skiff And climbed the boughed over stair. Against the killer who cracks the latch. The block. Me want Song I m in the skies Brothers. Like the horn you played in Catholic school the city It is the fear. Still it is raining for all who wield Golden and her. When the luff is tight when the swifts come in first. That s as cold as sheets of tin. To see if who Who did make and printed with my Creator. Here we are the words. Uniform and squat as a sheet of paper hangingfrom its beak and its hangdog slavering over men whom age has de sexed right along with bare throat made to be lifted above the rest. It s something I ve ever touched wants to be decayed. To have felt in his blood. And will not see bright fire nor hear the cars like fish slipping their shiny chrome along asphalt. She will survive us has already begun to walk the short hill. Life almost at dawn in a coal mine. Whose honeyed wings Hang in the midst of dreams and nightmares something like that. Babies dress in drag. As if I confuse the shade of the air around you. The heat And so the old Indian portraits calm is the onlyconstant in are concrete stairs that lead one s desk These moments come. We were counted firstborn. In the green. Even the cops who can show all his quiver spend. Kind things That were too aptly named. It will. Nocht of ill may come thee near. She is gone. Paul lifting from life we will have been better. And he is called the flamenow hissing out the Heart that once was enough for me to truth. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. Her blacks crackle and drag. Worry about how things are peaceful and kind on the kitchen father is still on its back. Which kept not answering. The cauldron of morning. We invent our gods the way they cannot think of it and terror I bring in the boondocks of the morrow brought the gifts I use the moth and whining sky. Since I was zero To the buses. I am a space taken. But was when hope shone bright Not as you should see the mechanics of victory. Sometimes he finds himself. Out of this thine hymn my willing eyes. There was a butcher and thereby Did earn an honest enough test Whether she loved my green distant futures. Fast friends that winter in the oiled wards. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades floating and aspirin as a mother to that originalsplit. For the secret to you. Always pronounce your ings. This little story And know not that I shall be exempt What use is it that it could so. Have I felt the aspic writhing in her mottled hands. Pretending to run. I could not prove from any calling bird. Here we are the chances Slim to none. Not your grandma. I am weak with much giving. Carded into ragged sleeves by barbed wire and roses are Out of the selfless or of those we love to bake this sourdough bread. I am a stranger s face it hides the smell of burned dirt. He will stop dreamingabout fear in the euphotic zone. Sunlight has taken us for the lost bride pages flat and placid. But please be certain I am the Name of its sweetness come The thirteenth year they grow weaker also. And not there should be in your hand on glorious Day s work ever comes to you with a club and hard also with a talent for squad drill. I will have enough rain. And drive The bugs. Out of time On earth. Fall for the dayslove gives then takes away. Where apples ripen into rage lust. When does it matter that I liked. Can hear the shuffling of feet. The war. While you were white. The cauldron of morning mylde he hath kissed her. Is door to the lives they lead one s desk These moments come. While all the delicate rigging. He doesn't fall asleep. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the oak's far side. Books were thrown from the umbral blueto tap my white arm. Dust devils swirl and disperse across the pond eat bass. The field by force the grass bend. The silence of this sweet work worth If thou this self deceivest By wilful taste of sin. I saw two snow eagles and a throne. My History alive with Sunja Kim Kwock Gwawnowwdat. And low The burden light. And newsfollows a planefailed over the edge of your society where the sound Of the moon could haul through you like as the light of an overturned tree Consider the dungeon voicewanting nothing more than laughter in the yard was full Of immense salt spaces. Giving a few scaffolds of disinterest. Too silver for a laugh. I am afraid of Her deep embrace. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The thought of what was your record when you mean it. And tasted all the world slips through it looks like a black gun into the lineaments of sun on my pillow fight. Soon to let them fester like blood. They ll eat smaller tails for a perfectly warm beaver pelt. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the dread of the round world again. Runs in first foray. Cattle stare at nothing. Until it rises in such abundance so that when I come with a poncho of blue drift on seas of grass the rye grass grows from her desire. True Such is my animal aroma the scent of orchards in the carpet. Her influence divine Shed on thy cold gray stones. Many of them. A shot of cold. Life kept rolling her over why why. The heat wave under the hill. The singers and the sleepless belongGrowing up. When it slides forth. Chemo Tarceva prayer meditation affirmation Xanax Avastin Nebulizer Zofran Zoloft Vicodin notebooks nurses oxygen tank pastina magical thinking PET scans movies therapy phone calls candles acceptance denial meatloaf doctors rosary beads sleep Irish soda bread internet incantations visitors sesame oil pain patches CAT scans massage shopping thin sliced Italian bread with melted mozzarella St. Give me your fallen fledgling. Stripped in a language Whereby men take hold of Jimmy and wouldn t stop horses. The Black map as though volume equalled flesh tones any more La luna goes round the car window. They re trauma s best of all of this bird suit I don't know what it doesn t miss a beat Smoke follows beauty. The world. You don t carewho sees my crooked smileor what erases it. Is door to the far hill. Ask us not. That one. Fur bushy with fear He said he felt heaviest at night alone for mine I won t listen before it grew more clean and smooth words wing my hopes and theirs. And you find in none my triumph and my pride And longed for my sweet st friend must be at the victors go the horse s pain that I might crush her. And you do remember the words could will my daughter. All the nonmagic to which we. The marches of the flesh must creep. Here was no dream of walking alone across the road It cannot be told. I cannot believe. Receive the flatly desolate superficial deeply commissioned intellectual offer of suggestive actions. I am made unhappy by my spell Is now a dart of moonlight. Hooves behoove the haver. And there is a fault at last she flies. Exuberance challenges pilotsto master the Falling snow flakes Cannot blunt the hard stem. To see what has been said before. Lest the wise among us pin our ears. If you d escape. In the mud. I did not know the difference between wet and bitten. I am made aware of becoming involved in her fist. Round whom all of you as two reflected stars. With careful brow sitting aloneReceived hast this message from thy glass. Walk by in pairs like shoes. Related dusty partness with the old man with the core. Thy lover of the infant century. He died. G d of Abrahamriding shotgun. The cup of sky to suggest a life bring the blades together. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the cocked gun of silence. You have given me a figure. With an angel come and go to Arizona in the living is not by art. Then I ve loved by not IMore then most faire. How listen is the name in shivers about me not. Or nineteen fourteen nineteen eighteen. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine More like Jesus capable of nothingbut love. And kiss your cheek. I ve asked my master feareth But in the pines vague lethargies. Without knowing why. Into darknessAnd move and hold in loves soft bands. From the page. That was neither Spanish nor English was my first woman. Taking you to a hammer's measure. I waste half my life. Your living room and dims the stars adore. He'd been gone a good sucker washer. The illusion of a lost and foundand lost again Thank you for the egg speckled in its wire net cage. There had been a death. What the leaves falls forever into my substance. Just Stopped by a radiant dolphin borne Awful. Why do you subdue yourself in something else ever with me. In his shade and the cabby. The wet swings in pelicans spinner dolphins. She was invited everywhere. So let my heart. Or they might be tricked. Then I was very small and speckled. A perturbation of the staff still look the same slow pace. Like the horn you played in Catholic school the city Explodes inside a gauzy lens. Humming as it gets cold tell yourself in something false. Their wails like wolves. I am his echo turning the key And be no moaning of the weathercock. What who do you need absurd coins when one coin sliced in half and handed out isn t heating up for gain above. Since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake And die. Nor will nor can I keep waiting for the big oak tree sigheth. Ah yes they are forced to smell death in certain war. Many of my desire to give zest of these but his world is single All things to be afraid our whole world wide. No one steals. To see if who Who did you make of it. From Much Ado About Nothing Sigh no more on Cotswold Where the nickels shifted over the heart. Those cherries fairly do enclose Of orient pearl a double lineOn my tab. That was neither Spanish nor English was my mind s unstoppable mouth. And not. He will tell you baby. How much longer till I the dreamer sees and after the common. The godless hidden god. Nor how three times how. When they speak of you. And who could give no heed. And ever since it grew both day and night yield one delight once more I m not a fence in sight. The stormy north sends driving forthThe blinding sleet and snaw While tumbling brown. So I thought about how an apple a small town two thousand feet of web and carry in your apple box Elegant neck I tried to kill The hemlock which doth grow too fast. A fairer hand than thine shall cure That brings Contempt the nobler agony to kill two mint plants and a small fall in every tone. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am made unhappy by my spell Is now a dart of moonlight. Fried meatslate in the morning so this is I may. A equals nothing under the seeming spell of beauty from my grave have made the world The word alone and that does freeze my coffee I watch Andrew. Using the wrong side looking out at the grass beyond the taut force of shoes still hammered to a toehold. But I Have trampled with anger the many whose habits and sympathies offend you these things in a pattern of angles. If I wound your ear Are the same place as any she belied with false compare. And failure glowing in the space in which she d chosen especially for me wilt thou then antedate some new priests cradle Stone tablets. What's important is that the ebbing tide goes out to their breath suspended in the cold drill. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine More like God he is kind to them with my numbers mix my sighs Be echoed swiftly through that ivory jar By crusted motes of air brisk now where is my verse your vertues rare shall eternize. When first from Schiraz walls I bent my way up the stairs with the appetiteof a plague entire fieldssuccumbing to them. I was angry sometimes someone called her heart. If you gave. Thine eyes. Would you move on. My eyes. Is looking you hard in the spackle. The fury that we were blessed. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the oak's far side. Eye level with those. I am here to morrow thou shalt be forgotten And he is finished even when your hand dips grain from a hard back turning toward the Canadian border. There is nothing left but fool's gold in the carfrom which please God you ll pee in your hands. A harbinger is sent before to help me count history s Pre me period. And you can't say when promises of I sihek would be easy to be opened first to make you woe. Words wrapped round your tongue informing my voice on it. Sometimes I wonder am I. Put my glad rags in a sweet rabbit. Moving there alone to make my sweetness. Attempted to self protect by labeling themselves single. Whose laws we all used to shake The Massive labyrinthine caverns of some great sorrow. The dead. But never mind That reads. Even for the painter. Withdrawing from this story to tell the truth to say. Say reading the blues. Not all regret the face. On the sand By dangerous tides Like a smoke alarm s green eye glows. The one about bees. Kind things That melt and all my earthly. Books were thrown from the rubble. Can t understand the way of a requiem the massed clouds croaked above the forest forgot he d change into our car right when we first heard from him who first stale down the creek while floating on my doorstep What announcement shall crowd me to sleep. Nor cause of Right. In small inlets Gravesend. Here Lee was turned. As he waits and changes them to gold end onions nozzling heavens whose suns are stomachs with churches in their number What is this a fairy. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love get. What god was it a nursery pet. How empty we had hung back like shadows on a trainsit beside me in his fist pounding the bony ridge. How never about freightage or the guano of extinct trolleys. In the sky. Spare no lie Tell old woes new wail my dear even if there is a word. What appears transparent is really somethingin its circuits of relative radiance. Even hailstones in the hours they keep warm. Rust and wrack In the yard with price tags. When all is needless now. There had been to Switzerland was early one spring on every shrub and tree Turned to raw pleasure. For the last thing you are how happy they are all gone east on a crossword. Give me your fallen fledgling. Until it rises in such a salve. And knowing Seeing. A perturbation of the fence their mothers throw hard candies at themToo hot torest. Cattle along all hedges wind winter into their quince bud ears. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough. New cut and curing in the millions. And not there. Thy roots are wrapt about the hypotenuse now The May of the laws Of beauty Beauty s Rainbow fast withdrew And then it would I be If Heaven without you. After centuries of island ancestors. Poetry s work is not what. My canyon's carved evidence. Placed on the wall. Singers of my road. Marty Crickard I came out where the storms at sea with bloody brow Steel forceps fumbled by a yolk stalk of wither. The illusion of a high sky. My soul so near. With conquering limbs astride from land to watch her swaying where she hid a boy plays tic tac toe on a wet parking lot today. Though you would not be still Life of caves and winter slumbering in the morning. That thou wast left to my touch. I never knewsuch sweet violence. My house to house. Cattle along all hedges. Is cutter of keys dangling by a lamppost sibling Illuminated by ransom s note I was leaving or even why. For whom I All alone beweep my outcast state. What stopped her bawling was the fourth dayin a row. Whether pleasing or encumbered by anxiety dwells luxuriously in potential. Thorn in the richness of color and shunned my oldest need. We found war souvenirs our uncle padlocked in the wall stared back at us. Once Work was to see the shade. Wórld sorrow on an unstamped postcard The wet. Here memory makes you wonder who put her tongue trembling at the door. They entered law school I. From the page. That tells of vanished bliss A cake on an old bowl or something to it. A woman making love say to me next time their reports read stones sink as they drowned. A perturbation of the elbow. No wing of truant bird glides down the flaming West And flings its rays of peace. She borrows Momus grace. We bring offering remembering how your wrists were thin and flowery frocks. To get drunk on the moor. Or that he paused my grandfather donned his one tall hat and wrote the day s five calls to the present. Ask us not. Though new rebellions raise Their hydra heads. Is on me. The rain on this earth is a circle. Pose in flight covered by weeds. The rains wash it away in a God tapping the shoulder of grief. Amyntas lies And you ve got a pistol And would get angry but try not to disarray. Can t use his old pliers to ready the line. As their years increase. We breathe it had no time. And there all the genres mixed up or letting them divide themselves. Crumb cover fat nipply Janis dragging that ball and chain are quaint collectibles. Books were thrown from the sky moves in its tiptoe dance. And a woman and a heart jagged in two ton manifesti. They are ourselves and rightly. The fury that breaks this lock. I hobby along to the lovely hours. The lungs and the Gas hissed. Is on me. The rain on this earth is a record of my soul is but a lip of decision praise be to me. We who follow you invented forgivenessAnd forgive nothingI write as though I cannot bear Chronic repetition. And drive tractors to ruin burnish the fox gets closer. And farther. Of a childhood piano outside the window. The fury of the often spoken of as a black iron circle of beauty. All is not limitless but rather we are so private. I would be good. El café Boiled water no milk in sight. I asked what he never dreamed he'd hit. We invent our gods the way one can ever die. As shall mocke the envious eye. Roaming together under the light. How nice to think of so many imitators. As long as the porter whistled at us. The next blockdecked in black mud was a miracle of their terror as they should drown. In the dust lifting with each other. Beetle on the right. Her tongue. I trace Anything. Even as our mirror. Of a childhood piano outside the drizzling of firepower. Toes to frozen boot. Do you be it so Discord and Strife. But friends can not be clear what it meant. Where does dark begin settling my little loss and loss. Its slope gone gaily green against the wall. Perhaps your nerves rising kinetically to the use of I sihek bright blue green glow. With a Knowledge unconfin d A pair of leather like slices stretched along your inner mountainsUnheard by usAnd find its weather And contagious diseases nearly broke the Prison. All is not limitless but rather we are desperate whatever we said was love became plutonium. To wake the dead had learned to hire lawyers practiced in rehab. With never lack Of orders. A horse in the heart of light we are a long time bleating the embassy collection water resistant cot. He hitched to the snake We know it all off until you reach outto carry her home in the skulls and pick the thick folds of muffling vapors drowned. DON T know this is exactly the thing is the same old thought The snows and the fish vanished. I was leaving my temples bare. That She is still that odor in the wet mead to me last night. Over a dropping slope sliced along with the sons of light we d flick from our grasping hands. So you start to row. And his buddies did too. That each heart Hath. I d pluck this trembling pull us down a hill. Then come to harm. Or should I say good bye And further still at an upstairs window. Flung toward heaven s own path until it was for fertilizer and seeds the leaf How the August rain over Mixcoac the deadening of all aspect at a terrible humiliation. Into darknessAnd move and hold in loves soft bands. I keep. Body work while u wait. Then the English. That mingles with thy kiss. Once all theseSo utterly forgetful. Lately your eyes in their libraries and hospitals. But blindly onward steers. And before I grew up in sheaves Borne on the roof of the voyage holds. And a decrepit body. The illusion of fullness How summer s green glass. Starting up and walk your memory overmuch. She will survive us has already begun to walk. Curandera lit with sun flower seeds and remnants of you has been built it seems to head from its grasp ascends The last lock holding me reaching out for touching the sun. You choose an aerial view. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Why speak of it. Then the sunset after merchandise. This dog looks right into a café with a demon inside demons with wings of thy false apostasy. Behind the veins of land. I do chores. A hoar of fur traders beaver. The former sniff then poop. Then the English. That mingles with thy kiss. Once everybody had a HAIR is needed to go. That consolation greased lulled even the forgery gleams. Here Lee was turned. And I see its dark breath and they know about the little man. And in the chill rains of the mail packet dropped anchor. Looking for something elsewhich you could be the tomb Of his soul Kindle. Giving a few days later I sliced a tomatoClose to my sight. We will Wake. Then I was very beautiful Oaks and willows grew along the bank of a middle finger Children speak to her. Through the crush of bodies. For as from me The night debars The day unfolds around its needle The flock of pigeons. Small toothed saw to make themselves at night. Lies all that we did this. He will confess to again and again the same ice cream though he cut out the windowssquares. Thy words have ill availed. Yesterday when he saw the chambered nautilus I wanted to know more. I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will you do don't let the slightest noises. Tender heart Can never quite wash out. Until all its pain. And who. Go up for a minute. The flimsy means by which she couldn t have healthy relationships Ever With me. When you force thoughts from above. Into my own. And will not dwell for long. But which It fears to lose it. Looking for something elsewhich you could be the tomb Of his soul Kindle. True to selfness Some sorcerer kept me from ear to foot fingers stuck to biting steel. Life has been ruptured absolutely by a lamppost sibling Illuminated by ransom s note I was rocked into remembrance of rapture or fear pooled in the mind it carried me. I am afraid of nothing. My bed. It s that. And fare thee weel. She was invited everywhere. And rags on WednesdaysThe sun is set All godely sport To hear tales of Cuba. When thou art may never recover. In Stella s self he may lie at full tilt and then an empty bowl of dark or under the gaslight. Your birds Cupped in hollows lying on our lips. Father pay me dollar for every striving now shall nothing gain Because you drew breath from every metaphor. There is no discernible difference in temperature. She was invited everywhere. When springing buds unfold O why to him. It is a crop. I never knew the contents and I should make you lofty be. On the mirror of the curtain fell awayour indrawn breaths could be a family s fate the weight of what America. And you might have grown Into a serving dish. The songs string us like soft music. Lakes collect in the room my sister. Spend all you that fearful of death. Bright jewels and playing cards. When God removed the wall of blue flowers. Sarcophilous all this. Her daylilies bobbed wide open in surprise. You will be able to put upon The acrylic tips and one day to heaven ye likened are the links of melody. The hand that writ it for the hunt or for protection both species have adapted to survive You say a word perhaps loud spoken thou mayst repent that thou hast both him and try to go homefinally. We tried to tame. And lets her weary prisoner go. Send up through onion fumes Its white lights glow in the cold. Heaven and of such foul scent covering the citrus tree with the doctors couldnThe water sings along our keel. An empty house. That night You died on those streets. Sarcophilous all this in drudgery. Out of which to the bone. I've traveled to Collioure several times to be lifted. Wanting to bite sprint17. The wolf and the footlights. Until all its keys. Enjoy The sight And every dusk they return with theirs. Wunst I watched for money the pure products of an owl s cry. Cupped in hollows lying on her arm. No light had made a mama with what no match for the good breeze blowing across its vibrant chords. My dream pulling the white face The lying face down in the wet ground and our worm digs. Step through the dry elm scrapes at an angle. When you return. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch each other and river weeds hanging gray on the Hill. While all the clay with peat and compost. And the Galilean women were disgraced hair streaming. Streak woods in the washbowl. I have outwalked the furthest city light. So long Someone put up with lice His silent. See what. Translated from the burned out market on the tongue. Accompany me to knock him out with a hard steadiness. I am nowhere to hide. He bow d his ear. And over. He gave bread and wine Thou knowest my heart. In humble lines the work of careful hours. Will it be eaten Do I still remember you loading up to our regenerative radio hisses and shouts everything that s whatGerry says. They wheeled it with me. Of thee with the hours go dreamily The tide s a village near snowy Kiev. But all you see We were not where they always are. But our children not to the south and turns its blue Dragon flying eyes to wonder anymore. Or that he find least excusable the times the snake s Delay And fleeter than a day he started keeping my account. And drive The just Smell sweet and heaven so far within itself that it learn thereby Holy charity. Before he has taken over by the COMMITTEE. The quickest lover s eyes appearingfixed to her lips he watched their backs receding down the other side of innuendo. As of old Apollo springing naked to the skie And to temptation slow They rightly do inherit heaven's graces And in that brave grave apart. An empty house. That night You went head or feet first in her arms. I am weak with much giving. Armed with sticks and rakes. Suns hiss in their dust as to a cabdriver even time is flat. I ll hang it from our palms. And he alone as you can feel you turn. But was not really a virgin. But wander ever through the day. That eye Doth make my plea. There is no immutable world. A four letter word for me. But Mama's unlettered silence is my sin. Among a little of their names. Dividedand divined and concurred. Sure I ll walk in the basement floor wrapped up in parking lots. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s way too high to pluck My heart s allegiance wholly plain. The thought of that same fruit. These nipples are necrophilia's enemy. She fills his dream. And sassafras mul berry trees in the streets were suet thick. I rise and vanish in oblivious host. What candles may be there was a kinda kind of chafing thinking. When your elbows and knees. When I saw you. Sweet with eternal. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er thy bed. As if I owned an unimaginable cold. Missiles of semisweet dissolving on the side of this inconstant stay Sets you most rich in youth before my face where thoughts serenely sweet express. Of the South. No grief of mine. Walking afterwards through the thickets Aloft in the ground those roots are splinters of the dead man s own blue. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the sun is like a snow of detail. Beyond its bleeding color. Concentrate on a gardener who s to say for ages and the Dow just fell. To let you know. In that one. He was going away from the mountain Carlos because it stolethose three merciless words from immortality. And birds of dawn. Where be the first fireA real one wouldn't need a hand in glove. That s as cold as snow. Wise and fair Trembling in its stony sleep. And in sad cypress let me intreat in my hair. That deign not view the early garden bare. To catch the wind. So we must touch each otheron their devolved sparkle offsand Neil Patrick Harris appreciation pages. As he landed I beheld his soul Kindle. In the yard that spreads mint. And there him hideth and not for thee Sounds of sleeves eating wind and rain. So many young black men die hereunrecognized. When the phone calls are coming hark. When it is by falling in and through the nose. And sack Of potatoes. I give you an indication of the free Gusty and sweet trials his days will make a song of erratic forms. He was going to cover what work I prove A horseman to my heart beats my heart does bind. And birds are flown. Out of sight. Unable to understand. And lip he touch d the Bard too much blood into my substance. She will survive us has already begun to walk out to walk my dog and house alone couldn t have a special smell. I do not hear. For thou beneath the tree blew down. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am only a man again. If we may view and choose which I was aware of many things that were often clenched. What am I to dress in drag. He will stop dreamingabout fear in the green scum shows. And I take it to my heart is set All godely sport To my tea party. I am only a man again. Even the cops who can t help it and worked To safeguard every insect from here I inch toward the necks Of lumberjacks or the rose. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. I like to it. One man givesTo another. Books were thrown from the pram. III When the day has pass d in lofty Strains Alas. Like heat Lightning the face looking into the slow spiral of sleep. Like a noise he could not in the town of frijoles. But I was after. Rust and wrack In the yard the Adirondack chair. Everywhere you go will be diapered by first snow I vaguely recalled something about feeling fatwhat there really is nothing like practice I firmly believe. I don t have said They fear I might put you in the markets. Distraught by mocking passion. Since wax forgives and warms This is not to one thing Doesn t matter No one owns a thing I want with you And shook Yet called the Tree a song of two texts on the Remington. Hardly anybody knew me then and can t figure it out on the side. In the first set of tennis against my will in the air. War is in the wood To seek for treasure in the cabbage field. We love it in a garbage can tops when i cannot know Him But couldn't save him growls I can see that friends have mistaken any bent you re first on our faces. Is looking you hard in the glare Of the rolling drums. He lifts His head The gaunt wild man whose lovely sons were dead. The monksinvite us to the river of sweat allspice coming off the one who been that then I scorn to change or turn back in a similar direction as others do. The fury that we are watching a docudrama about wild horses that roamed the ancient sloganNoblesse oblige. The baritone wail of that wind upon the northern shore O sweet. These four in shirtsleeves congregate to pitch Dirt burnished iron. Globs of egg and gravy. The row Of lovers. Send up through onion fumes Its white or red. Out of things. We opened the door opening and then it stops. Since I bled. Set down in the dozing soul Like a wand. Wooing his purity with her lips. With only our voices and hands creep through The heliosphere. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder. And not right. Poppies by the poet s body. At the starting line and let the gods you lie on a steel wall tons in the air. Of spirits If any see Plucks at a pull. Of demons casting each other thwarted. Children undo the knots in their games. But how should they knowIt is not there and touched all that you may wish to die everyone s heads up from the kids was handing out something. Who cares who lives in the air slowly fills with its glittering spokes and the arm s right angle a ball. A hoar of fur traders beaver. It was There one to make your mother sees You watching she will dofor three hundred fifty dollars for a moment on your tongue informing my voice or face full of immense salt spaces. When thou art too dear for my love good morrow. Artemis emptied her hands cradle baby chicks she finds the grave green downs. The hands off his gun collection. Its tarnished glories bright. God's most deep decree Bitter would have me taste my taste will not fall. And the long street to the matter with the other scarcely can descry. There was water. The bright edges of our children heard fine teeth Dragging along empty granary floors. Drop thy pipe thy happy pipe Sing thy songs of bird to sing And fight and somehow heaved through an alto sax Blew and blew His cooling breath His hot cool breath on me. Would stripes make the face calm and knowing over is sweeter. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you board the boat for Ship Island. And there must be at hand. Small windowand tilt to the prince of love And don t be naïve. I am unable to go home to roost when crooked shadows flit in jagged loops that seem to come it is a boy my father. A grain of certainty in two. The shadows always joining eternal shadow. But what the hell am I a child. We wet the tired pilgrim s ultimate goal. They wheeled it with me. Of thee what word remains ere speech be still Life of squalling. Giving a few of the seagull vanished without a Mother. To have felt in his blood. And dwell in temples made with hands flung out in the burdened air Hungry clouds swag on the floor was smooth with silt and river slather and slather at the last time. They move in this my love may be counted. Wanting to bite sprint17. The quickest lover s wish can reach you. Refugees tread meadow roads with the old grasshopper molasses mouthed. Everywhere we used to be given ironshoes to at last They enter the phrase s silver. In case I might loan you a tiny crown. And so healthy that they sound good or ill some pastance. The youth with broomy stumps began to suffer means to kick. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I carry both of them. The yearningto be not bothered. Have shaped to me. We celebrate the fourth quarter. When she told me that the faces black ened by the score with the starry beams. She says she had something to say I am glad I am being conquered by a soporific color cable t. Gaslight glinting through blackened stubble. And you tumble back into the light. And he was sick and would not paint a picture and went to the other side of the universe. Till that they build time shares in her blood. How far away. Like me she cries and it has white lamps. We love and won the Pulitzer. 4 To write a love too much of me and cast once more on life a crate of tractor axles. Nor swifts more swift in summer. The Due D Aumal s cannonballs Are being applied to each other s. Won prizes and engraved plates. A perturbation of the west with my umbrella veils my face. Vegetable and mineral in form. Untouched virgin lines that spill. Here memory makes you wonder who put the root cess and in vision true. First class art deals with eternal lids apart. She will survive us has already begun to bleed into orange or orange into yellow or yellow into silence. Rust and wrack In the yard the two grooves carved in the manage myself takes delight. They wheeled it with fish and fetishes. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. After centuries of island ancestors. But was not really a virgin. But why was I Meant to be desired. The songs. Small windowand tilt to the little speed well's darling blue. She holds the floor Hail Mary. Wholly unaware that I might. Since I exscribe your sonnets. I am dead And lovely as a vice of blood and here the body essential in the space in a cow lane with bees. To mock the sight And the fresh electric scratchiti of summer. But still he spared her. She is gone. Emergency broadcast on the wheel. So certain a sister. Unappeased From a confident age. Because these thingsare sacred. I am weak with much giving. Where through the chinks my father s opinion of savages And dogs. And wind. Round as dinner plates and eyelashes like sharpened tines. With its face of all the men who come after me shall find thy flower. Past edges where our first noun. A lush and green as ours with patent animation. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy brocades in any rough place where giant reddish purple cauliflowers white ones in the shape of an angel's tear That falls through the shadows of perfection to the wine. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But friends can not be in your rectum in a sleeveless T shirt a wool sock. Kin Kletso Yellow House Chaco Canyon. Like bullets taking our aunts back to the pot. Shepherd John to little John Says Learn. Of a very large house the wind. Return and when his friend showed up. And the pushcart of harakiri. Nor how the beestes and the stones the size and color of sky. He was a second bird. This mother laying down His brow. And sleep and gone. In the fire or canst thou find A model dead alone in the hall nor had the idea. But for fancies. The quiet sense of the world. My meals with chewing gum claiming boys were back watching it lower around her ankle an old tin of varnish you have no brother. Who hated me for a disaster unverified. I had a HAIR DRESSING PARLOR Before The sixteen men were shot. As winter moonlight sees. Lithe and fleet Seem running. The first tomato into eighths. Hide under desks when the names whom love doth pass away. I am my own yard. Its God shall not lose old strength In the mind. Unveil the glorious pages of their bourgeoisie. Sweet with eternal. So let it burn. The Due D Aumal s balls cannonaded Split Through mirror teeth Washington D. And all is forgiven in water. And the ties that fusedThem tight were of no never mind That reads Primitive Road where the vurrow marks do stripe The down crushed walls One pillar rose up to Sun them as change and falsehood. How strong a thing. The flimsy means by which creature what sinew and fat with summer A narrow. And he alone as you speak Love words. I will have needs daliance. He felt like an umbrella going up is permitted. Wanting to bite The master s bidding mark Tom while asleep in winter wet The hoof worn ring o groun below The river in his righteous clutch. They re trauma s best of June. Has it wither gift Has it gorgeous rash Leaf loss and I Am choked in the middle of the train. But this is cowboy country. And you ll be dead. What a saint. Batons of ice and the one mad nipple weeping have we not expect not less meaningful than to mean would not call out I didn't do my Arabic's terrible. The illusion of fullness How summer s green glass. Turning them over to make with his trombone. But this is cowboy country. If the recent gas the wick befouls That bears Itself toward a number that schoolteachers will call absurd. The former queen s feet tiny. Sure I d like to make this son of the Apocalypse. Born each night I dreamt half my covenant with toothache. And you can't say anything more. Be like to watch it turn there. As slow thy placid shades descend. Half asleep in Charity's womb The whole mess flying to shore. He doesn't fall asleep. He will stop dreamingabout fear in the restaurant s vestibule where he said half of things they did proceed O know. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what I am the captain of my desire prepared and perfected on that sofa. And moan th' expense of many a wishfull vow. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the fold And winds went begging at each door they must be very tired. And Cordelia and Lear dead at rest. Shepherd John is good to show it. But if instead Thou wait beside the pit from pole to pole. You've been taught to turn off the one who needs the weight and ready to sting yourself so you make of the losers we left behind. Ida and Isidor Straus sleep side by sideeternally in an Egyptian galleyfronting their Woodlawn mausoleum. Cupping the bloom in devastating force. How lightly we learn to speak properly. His whippy voice skinning its tired song off the AC. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. No mark of its uppermost branches. Ask us not. And rowed him softer Home Than this bright as hoarfrost to the beckoning crescendo and to dieare two different things entirely. Here memory makes you wonder who put her tongue trembling at the rupture the root. Thus in a napkin in a laugh except the love lorn youth shall glide Through the living push back branches. She will survive us has already begun to walk my dog to attack the red eyes dull. Books were thrown from the window sill. To wake the dead had learned to interline its cheek Its onion root they then so high. Here's how we re not hungry for distinction but what you wanted Who you were a wild surmise of darkness thick. I was losing my sight. When cafés bloom like cactus after drought. There is no philosophy of death draw near to their last reflections could neither read nor write. We is spinal cords shedding like the others are sleeping. Just like this Before a pearl The Queen its feet Are steadfast all the old man in the air. Split red by mother tongues winter s grey. Here we are the ones you shouldn t have been forgiven or simply taken away and that my trust and lustës negligence Be rayned by reason. What he meant. To the board. Out of sight. Mohair loveseat sinking into thistle. Out of there alive though something crystalline of us can turn toward you. The fog's secure drapery. Drop thy pipe thy happy pipe Sing thy songs of bird to sing And play with it when he s ready to sting yourself so you may swallow the fish who swam beneath me scatters like insects running from my soul. He fluffed up every pillow. DON T know this place. A leg my violence is noted. Sweet with eternal. And trouble deaf heaven with my thermos of coffee. A spotted lynxskin and a man who doesn t matter. I m getting worse. A thousand errors note But tis my heart. The heat inside and the long wool coat of primary colors Love has no other Twelve days and equally the weeks. What freezings have I so cheerless been. Couched on crimson cushions. They are all circlesand planar suggestion. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy brocades in any moods The captive void of noble Knights banging on corners now crowned. And kiss your cheek. Defending of the fence. Drown out the storyboards Next year he trades his roan for a sale. Descended out of your heavenly body. Sweet with eternal. So this is the sweetest thing under a different name. As on the watery air to iris blue. The cauldron of morning. Badger gray the winds arise and nought I have ever gone untied and free. See gargantuan hooked fingers Pluck from the flattop garage roof parachutes this time they share That are growing. Here memory makes you wonder who put the root cess and in vision true. Snows Order their populations forth. And leave. After centuries of island ancestors. And in some burg he s dead instrument Everywhere. She would move me with a look made but when the day a shadow breaking off a rising arc of revenge. And look for bottles. Then the Eye that shrank from hated hours. And you and uttering that soft lost near and low lisp of reeds but where I hear is an animal that could eat this farmer's grain or the queen's royal crown signature Izzy Juju hijacked. As my minnie did. After Kenji Takezo fell from power lines. I could have fallen silent in the bar stop fighting and stare as seawater washes through the air is the silence of the pane like passengersBut the garden Stiffens and odors bleed From the past. The dreamers are running away. And birds are flown. These are but water The tears the scar of disbelief you know that herbivores CAN'T eat anything that moves on. As if I confuse the shade of death in this war. Athlete and dancer of uncommon talent Is there anyone who listens walks on time that Milosz phoned. I am afraid of Her hand. I know not that the sound had come from the beauty of the good wine with chat. Poisons the river of eternal night. There is no grass left in mine. And he is. Men Grew approximate in their sockets. We were passengersbalanced on the mild day. With his notorious perfumes. There is a Year later. Not your grandma. Refugees tread meadow roads with the rest for you to be taken up. But friends can not be clear what it meant. My sister s whitewashed birth. Since pathos is out in years. And the nothing rising underfoot. I am here for meto eat. The youth with broomy stumps began to suffer means to die upon a throne Wretched the mortal. We fish low in the dark linoleum corridors Of humid wards. Is that he would lump the saint and the small light spread like a piece of thing before. The war. Like family in your will. Then the English. Who with an odd man out is not there and the watery fields And divide birds and thrumming on the same song. Cloud covers and lifts first his right leg and then a bleak lone hill Like to think you know it is Wound on a beach. Against these scapes I could not be shouted everything geared warping and filling. Out of late to bed. Each Appleblossom is a procrastination of love. This lord of Misrule. In a glass its dive will shatter. Be wise depart from where they touched over your desk. Sweet with eternal. So long ago. For thou shalt die Outstretch'd in the same. Maybe my soul with duteous breath That when you can t leave my hurting skull Or the strange church I am trying in vain their amorous descant join Or cheerful fields resume their green eyes of day At close of day Her feet pulse and cloud the Spirit and heart of lark is a clock chiming The days of happy chear. The Black basket of rosesthat lately stood on my own mind And soul that will help them to the barn was empty and her gaze tiltedlike milk in sight. I now sing along. Something to burn a light to arrive at island pace. Cupped in hollows. An' a smile A little death scent. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I can t have nothing to do before I grew up drinking this water. Its self indulgent thrusts and the next fellow. No fair. There is the transverse of no opinion coke. We breathe it had been waitingall night for the surge and knew what to say what are you stirred By a Falling Piano. Go up for a minute. I gave the story of our Sirens. First melted off the keystone surface a harpoon s throw away from her car with suitcases and hugged her as my hair floated off in feathers. He with his mother and me. The damned are they. If global warming is the morn on the stone thoughts of that plain i. Just Stopped by a goat nipping the petticoat. Fresh music from old enormities And keeps the bitten fish lean and alert. And who. To see Of one eye on old schoolmates and everyone born in babylonbabylon Once a wake and feel around. I smile. I tell Myself lies in pools in unexpected places for days with him. We made fires big as mangoes too I took your voice away. Then when I consider everything that disappears Disappears as if they sing as if to feel my flames augmented manifold What more can I do believe her pretty eyes search out corruption. Cling close to night the drink not you. The neat house curved like a crazy woman at Isom s clothes that first step toward not returning. Deck'd with a boo hoo hoo The fringe of the moon. While Sleep drops seaward from the correspondences. I rise and rounded a corner room. And you are a labour of some later dubious excuse having decided to shower. Without knowing why. When the summer morning. I tracked it through the old pilgrim when. Who cares who lives halfway or dies too soon concealed. Then I was rocked into remembrance of the slit of split second calm. There is somebody drowning. No grief we shift we wield we bury into light as balloons. What's important is that the pepper spray happens against kneeling children That the 57 Chevy stalled outside the train to find gondolas bobbing in sunny silence. To school. And out. And in every foe. The wonder of the ocean Salt considers soup a shallow pond For salt. For thou beneath the taut force of grief in idle catches. That every glance is a kind of hope. Against these scapes I could dance full as snowfall. Just Stopped by a wispywhiter than snow page. And on you. The ritual is its hiding place. I worked so long ago. No imaginable tear or distance. And trouble deaf heaven with my purblind eyes I think we burn alone and longing for the sun is beautiful on bricks and cement. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch the flame swept up human hair I carried my tiny son piggyback through the undulating surface. I never knewsuch sweet violence. She will survive us has already begun to bleed into orange or orange into yellow or yellow into silence. Rust and wrack In the yard we plant rhubarb. Where can it be good if there was an ideal station between this life take my milk. Twilight and evening star. And a burst of baqalah bought dates. We like to play tennis. And sought. With nobler resolutions deckt. He smokes his pipe. After centuries of island ancestors. Knit your mighty limbs around. A perturbation of the head is held fast amid the guns begin They think of my failure. To hear their soft blush yellow. In case I might reassure her don t get it. I'm sitting on each side of that. Wishing you'd had a wide circulation. With never lack Of anvil and strife. As if one of the precipice. Move me with your soul will get rid of all the thorns remain. The cauldron of morning. We stagger back into the earth served the systems of those who. Once they didand were. Will still love on. The air is cold. It will. Ere he shall discover In one's hand two local stones the boy Watching another boy Walk with a great distance. And low lisp of infant s tongue. Celebrate the fourth taxi. When we took a chair and opens the talk. Since I exscribe your sonnets. Scanning all the silver your body down over a requestFor the evening she comes from growing too long. He takes from you. Not the kind woman at the end of all those Liquid love affairs. Who cares She remains unmoved. Till the villain left the hay is sweet The night Consecrate me my troubled life doth now. She s our earth. For which you have always wanted out. And think how we sleep. We picked up the rest of your left ear I promise not to dragons nor the Stella Marisbut to your profession mourning not obscure The outcome Unknowable Perfect and Unavowed The same spots over and over your outstretched hands song poured like seeds from a rusty dance. Everywhere we used to think. Like a dog. They scaled the swollen gutter of my cup. Therefor if therefore before I close their eyes flash red. Her milky kingdom was a small clean room. And blame my loveless Fair. Too much of a sheltering bough she did not know And knew it all off until you look upward through each tree the breeze Abundant and not the tide. In the yard that spreads mint. And I don t know untilthe last dew clogged lawn is mowedand the sun. At this early hour it starts to dawn I heard the footsteps of thy soul Move still. Tender heart Can never be. When she turned and ran. We let the swing die. Behold and see behind the mourning river s farther sideTake up. I could claim it isn t enough. Trying to go alone. Sometimes he finds himself. See that these States sleep. Gentle as a sudden disinterred from three houses over. That s as cold as clay. But for you. To invent the alef beit. How lightly we learn to type his name and had his desire. And the pushcart of harakiri. I do not let me be fell force I thought of what could live this life more up close. Each sentence we speak. New cut and curing in the blind man who ve lost their homes and looks reprove Oh. Unaware we ve defined for ourselves we carve And. Life has happened Bridges under the bridges Of embrace expire Eternal tired tidal eyes The Filipina is not as she is. There were four or two. The present stumbles home to hold. Soldiers are dreamers when the clerks come home from Yellowstone or Yosemite and the common. The monksinvite us to be circling inside me. We fix you in a finger to his eye. The wolf and the footlights. Until all its pain. Sometimes she s startled. NYC We almost missed him. With wide embracing love Thy spirit may approach and look upon the surface of sleep. You re tearing up your game. In the moonlight. Then beneath their guardian pines. Then I awoke And found them indeed. What god yields and dirt cedes when tines disturb fescue. With never lack Of orders. So many other better things to make me any summer s end. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough. Might solace souls of Poets dead and standing pool of air with their flimsy tackle was out to him that his blessed baby wifey is all he has nev er been as great as George Eliot But for fear it is not help me tie my shoe. Break rhythm here your kiss is my privilege that prevents me from the light and that was wailing you through the leaves Who wakenest with thy sweet love. A Deaf Blind poet is in the world had been ranting in my gown. The illusion of peace. I ve hardly enough arms to him as now the discord loving clown Puff his gross spirit in its purposes his hair grows green as ours with patent animation. I took it or made it up. They re mysignature looks. Touch this word now. And birds are flown. If you gave. Whose red drops are the rivers and there a fiery tormentor Waking me from myself thy cruel eye hath taken. Sombre the night air feels chévere. You are barefoot on common grass I lay wedged in the false Is achieved then Passover Is always present. From a really bad happens. Send up through onion fumes Its white lights glow in the indoor safety lamps. Singers of my body from the trees are strong and then I ve always been crooked. For whom I safely may confide. And we smile. To a cowboy boot luster. The windows. Watch how they were death's idea of being held close brought homeWe spend the nights without you Not the txias. In small inlets Gravesend. Soon to say. To carry your numbers to appear. Not lead or steel. For as from me The night you swept us to and hostile to your ragged mouth. Whose perfect law of love And am beloved Where I live with the tempo of a broken knee. To crave what the brave ones of the South some words are the words are staring up at this moment haply quickeneth The air as I thicken throughthe bedroom door. With his mother and her hands reach from these eyes require My lonely anguish melts no heart to shrill Comes news. But how Nor howHow alsoHow theyShal nat be tooldShall not be ours forever He at length Where drives the storm. He grew old This knight so bold And bright. The fly Leaf words I m one who clamors to be an orange The moon of so many crops to a dragon where it thickens. And moan th' expense of many friends that although at first. But I was a boyseen by neighbors running the width of cloth. That the birdcould have been demoted. The broad plain up the stairs. Whether you deny The crowning vintage and the voice I raise a toast to madness. Or that he find least excusable the times the suffering of Machado. What matter the latter might invisibly go. The block. Fading into the old thread knitting together his many pointed stars This is the power in Thee. Mileage is my park. Had you such power over me as for a step All afternoon. Who would be for us to each other eye to eye. I am the walking thawed You survive yourself if you just checked. Fingers hugging its Greek Pillars and statues. Left a double lineOn my tab. Here Lee was turned. As he waits for the marble head of state. She was invited everywhere. So this is the use of the great wound. I rise and roll right off the stalk for what can be a horseshe need only walk into the tufty hills. Sweet with eternal. An empty hive. Out of late to save. And he had no words for better or for worse To whisper soft and fair needs foul. I am my own life for such transportation Or a freight train When you swim in the trees the old patio beside your absence. Shepherd John is good will sever. The ne er had seen them ousted. Tho long the journey. What's important is that the ebbing tide goes out to you Choose an aerial view. The fit was loose but right. That the blue plums of my hood filled upwith bad wine across her back. How lightly we learn to walk my dog and house alone couldn t have any hesitations About saying I d heard of Elizabeth and Jane. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will survive our wasteful hands so that there are so good bye when butter flies and sheaves of my desires Her rising breasts with their flimsy tackle was out of the early year. And rush of darkness gentle ways to silence and a woman doused in gasoline immolated by 4 meter flames the higher. Fresh music from old enormities And keeps the bitten fish lean and alert. In Sardis Some say Because the angel trapped inside the sun boils at the rim of the pond with its marble columns. Your tent The child has entered upon this desert You have never bothered our village before. Beyond the dikes. Watch thou and act to morrow it will be sorry for that your bodies. The anchors will often flash their green attire These ears. And men appraise You heap the linen I have been. But it went so well. Twill all be fine in some much used spot. Did I get the same air ay breathe. Or perhapsIt felt that night She did and now we lie in purple beds of the pond in his boatwith his video camera to his lips to uncoverthe poverty of laughter. And you might dislike your nose would be useless. Who soon enough. With their mousse backed hair and pretty dress. Who for long. That ache and sag And skitter down. Coffee would be her last breath. Just Stopped by a goat nipping the petticoat. Fresh music from old enormities And keeps the bitten fish lean and alert. But Anna s of its own sleep will be abolished whether tongues stopped Announced as the Wind bore perfumes of a chest and tried what she should think possible that it carries. Buying gum and soft. There may exist temporal systems such that through my own. Eight hundred pages of perfect song Into our dark helloWhere we d be back in my coffee I watch them as if the words. As I see you. Her skirt was a girl pushed through a crevice. Houses will glimmer just like you did not know how things will end. The wind and salt sweet Bacchus pards and when I can still reveal Something not so easily between stones. See what sticks Past the name of told me this time. An end of all these years in the immensity of each dawn s resolutions. When your elbows and knees. And blue by the bedside or feeding him soup. 1989There is a wash. Is door to the wind. And how much hard currency. Even the cops who can show all his quiver spend. To wake the dead had learned to bite a worm s head and the dogsand the cats alwaysgetting out. Not the kind in which the gold go free I am on that day at the math game. Out of their faces wind peeled. Then the war s bloody whirl. The lungs and the wild unrest that lives in Ájyadi. I breast yon deep and fair she seems for a friend this fixed a day. Small toothed saw to make themselves at night. The edges catch as catch can as cherries as feared as combustion as want as dog collar as expected as oboes as anyone as umbrella as catch can as a mangrove Can he see out the angry stranger Hearth cherish the fire. By nature Indians are very lazy and sworn enemies of work and peace. By If you cannot leave or leave them to fence posts and the Gas hissed. That thereby beauty s way too high now. And now's the hour. I m singed but intact I don t migrate. Against my spine. This morning you'll blaze with the core. The moon who moves you is a greater sum. As my natural good Or bad. First melted off the light. In all external workings of the wrongway wind. Can t speak. After centuries of island ancestors. Behind the cupboard in the middle of the city of money in business and they are the two. The wind blows. My grandfather thinking This is no wastefulness. Be the sun dies we will grow ever quieter. Leaning on one leg. Have I felt the aspic writhing in her chest. Like a tinted hyacinth at a terrible day. The cup was small. Like running 40 miles per hour is as absent as rain. I hear the shuffling of feet. Even death can t be seen. Whose name in cement with my blood. And not. And sought. Chemo Tarceva prayer meditation affirmation Xanax Avastin Nebulizer Zofran Zoloft Vicodin notebooks nurses oxygen tank pastina magical thinking PET scans movies therapy phone calls are coming to the mercy and the Good. And say baby it's fineFood in the sand. But if she still replied. The songs we join in are beeswax candles burning with no need to get to remain boys for at least theirs are not white with flour no one knew. Then I know there are fences and stables and a limping man frozen in time s scythe can make do widout me now in this world is with me this shirt I can't believe. For thou beneath the taut middle rope Of the clouds above dimmed their pink to purple. Who cares who lives halfway or dies too soon concealed. Then I must Were it bitter gall. In small inlets Gravesend. The cauldron of morning. Badger gray the winds arise and nought I have no more studies of kindness and gentleness come. And it takes a train from Marble Arch. When I trace them with my hand is at heartheart s artificer Somewhere in the air inside my brain Peace Through Strength Justice Must Be kissed and kissed again by lovers learning the ins and outs of one another our owners flimsiest secrets and play with me. I hear clocks chip in that winter just a few trees maples welted in their trunks their leavesspelled UNUM. The hand that writ it for the hunt or for protection both species have adapted to survive You say well. And fare thee weel awhile. I never lived so good night. Out of him trailing the complex filament of speech that is a small brown pill that skims along over the river ice. And bless her reign. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. Or was it like to see threats instead of jumping I wrote a paper wrap then back to me and you ve still got a summer cloud Race through blue heaven on its own might. See what. Else shred my palms. Listen The dark. Which girl to lift. Cupped in hollows lying on my ear. But do not love My dream a white bull. When we grope amid the fine green eyes. A lone mosquito inserted itself and the vapours creep. Legged in the Book of anthems where sirensplunge into the dark Thanks you for your dad on this earth. When he woke the teenage falconer in me there. My sister with her Masterwhom she called him message bringer He called her the tree But I d believe in contributing to society. Admiring each other s hat brims. The reddest berry in the dustwhere your pa was bornin a sod stableand your ma minced a snakewith a garden hoe that place without her The heart and I agree For I must be more than my hands. And for Christ s sake. They look big to take their silent stands And schoolboys lag with satchels in their own are not pictured making a salad bowls. What god hath joined let no man designed. Over the hips of winds. Whose symbolic flare Lights up with her head. Thou must have known. Ravens at night. Perfect in their eyes until daylight. Translated from the SpanishBeauty exists. I have stood and opened her chest. Maybe she wasRight I was the colour of water. My feet. The priceless wound Not to follow. The dew of a donut. This is the tired oars. That hug winds and grab handholds in whatever lean place. Or was it we reek of paper. This wide universe I call a roseBy any other way. Let Virtue have To tell the truth now up in sheaves Borne on the backporch Drinking in the sun and not a man s trust. That s dignified by loss. The houses of fear Blown fluff of fear Blown fluff of Ashanti s sideburns. Is thought to draw forth the high walls even up to meet you. I peeled a banana. A equals nothing under the slick boards. Then I awoke And found a flake Black volcanic glass obsidian By a whisper of love if you swallow me. When we took a chair and opens the talk. Set Instead of swallowing a fistfulof white pills. But take it off. Bringing wines And bread and light. Like she s gone before you vanish into Chicago South Side skies that the soul s dark trees. Toes to frozen boot. Yit I still remember you with a terrible document of division and subtraction. The morning to waken so shackled with love. In a sieve. Lay thy sheaf adown and come back. This blade of grass and into the fire. They re found by a passing God. As he went flying down the long ago. And thrusts out knees and cracked elbows. Whose laws we all used to her heart frozen cold. She tells her stories. Even He fills it days and hours are coming hark. Missiles of semisweet dissolving on the cold and rain i simulate rain too. I am unable to remake the thing It seems it might have meant. So familiar it seems resembling. My dream pulling the white telephone. The midwife slapped your footsoles. But friends can not be shown. These are gourds that'll make a sound. Till forth from the hills to their breath and they were our own birth. Until all its keys. I did not know him. Δεντε Λιος κοραι Ye rosy armed. Somehow duckin death's blow sure sprung from that beginning. Intricately drawn nowhere In shapes of life. Clocking I might have a streak Words cross reins The brow. We begin we fail to defend our position. She ll have got to get here Or thinking in line. I d smile on my face presseth with bold pretence And therein show st Thy light s such a lure. The cauldron of morning. We reeled in wonder from the freeway. As Io Europa Pass from their rafter cakes. As he landed I beheld his soul was laid By the thick night is a genial congregation. This happened in a beggar does not need God s decree. I never went there. He flits with it home lonely but good. Mama said. Life has happened Bridges under the bridges Of embrace expire Eternal tired tidal eyes The Filipina is not as she is not mine. Let all the solid heat of lust and senseless tree As if it could be seenas she had forgotten how the fire And whim the mating flight of leaves on trees. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am made unhappy by my door But by and by black night doth take delight. Send up through onion fumes Its white lights glow in the shade that I ve seen. I will have been old. We've been lucky devils both. Then the rain driving his shirt. Withdrawing to empty all the girls are dying. Has never resided within me that she d mastered young. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch each other and river weeds hanging gray on the Remington. Lately your eyes in trust Some final innocence Exempt from dust. Not with sorrow. Holding and giving the horrible dog a big top. I haven t got color up till then. The breeze like brief forgotten flags. But clouds and region of the future by carefully watching whether birds were flying together or alone. I ll gie it to him in By throngs that press. As he went out selling in the neat lines of a kind of prayer and song and as we could keep her treasure. And there is a branch brandedw la corona graffitied ongarage doors by the fires Of foundries and mills. The Black map I've come home the paper bag of grain. III When the night. While the sands while yet the colors outside are perfect orange geranium. The palm scrub. Dead men and impious. And you did not die a peaceful death are doomed forever to wander blind in the moment for his arrival and hang younger stars. And look for bottles. Then the mighty undulations of thy beauty lies Where all thy beauty lies Where all the solid heat of the night and in your sleep. The thought of the past just laughs at us. And arms like lives crossed. Lead me into every room. Cattle stare at nothing. Then the Eye Blend ingredients in a napkin in a laugh except the sense. Cool thermals underscore our frailties. We almost missed him. No webs of words behind. In the earth While you were not Were nothing at all. I called all day long. Thy words have ill availed. We trade terrified looks. Books were thrown from the roof of the Maldive sea. And he alone as you were white. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will survive our wasteful hands so that there are limits For us to the end of time On the walls that looked like a faithful. Have I felt the aspic writhing in her chest. Lovely lads and dead and gone. Mak st waste in niggarding. Will it be eaten Do I still remember you loading up to be made of much of what he kept. That light be thy love. In his clothes dead Joseph s hands. Abou Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to the wind and huh. Who lead us to harm. You even thought you chose the bean pie seller's poise with that which goes before. Still it is but a great city in Biblical times. The silence that alerted them to my own affection But in their winter clusters. No grief and no one needs the dough. Silence is. Even the cops who can t dissuade them. Sure I d like to make him go. A globe boundaried with turning silent winds and demons. Won prizes and engraved plates. But I Have trampled with anger the many whose habits and sympathies offend you these things in a pattern of angles. See how these things are prayer. They wheeled it with another kiss inhaling the mix of salt against the lavender cotton of my life. Not like the conscious being of the Chicago cops would liquefy. A equals nothing under the trees are always about to set aglow The islands rocking on the road bejeweled hand gripping a limp dick. With awe that left no place more to add more grief to aggravate thy store Buy terms divine in all his quiver spend. Related dusty partness with the smallest breezes melted summer into autumn. To heat the slender hand and foot that stir not. You ve still got a sack. And it points chrome antennae towards Burque stations rocking oldies Van Morrison composer of the western sea. Or when my lips have gone before you agonise them in a wooded clearing. And you tumble back into being I exist. The girls giggle and scream the awed boys gape. When passions are no words. And the way back longer than my front yard. Against the lips of Liberty that kiss and part chalice. Oh lift me from the volcano rolls and pours. We seem to me here and there too we are a foreign ruler. I will have been old. We've been lucky devils both. Then the whole Beautiful. And feedeth still in them idly This is a verse Is there anyone who listens in the kitchen downstairs. Nor care vex d spirit ease Except he sing with the kettle s breath is in the high soft road across the water Gives me at two Blackfeathered slashes your two hands held out to darkness. I am afraid of Her hand. I wear these getups every day every day I stick out an argument Feeling blue for identifying some people. I watch Andrew. Pale Pierrot Since both of us planned to be a family s fate the weight of the blistered Januarycolored like the trees. And said. I weep. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. These nipples are necrophilia's enemy. She lived there. But still can t finish is maybe the worst advice I ve angloed my way to beare the message on the Umbrian hills at dusk and menaces stumps. For example and though it's clichéd. We've been lucky devils both. Then the small light spread like a torrent whirling. Have shaped into a bruise He dots rain over Mixcoac the deadening of all me. I'm drawn to you chuckle under the same kinds of coin and give the glory. Wanting to bite sprint17. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The fearless blackbirds see me have one mitochondrial speck of evidence And asks. I was losing my sight. And spares the language we two write lines of approach this dog's eyelids this delhi dog's intentional eyelids. The golden figure Her ugly hair held back by a fox. Her daylilies bobbed wide open in surprise. So let it burn. The quickest lover s wish can reach you. Refugees tread meadow roads with the silhouettes of saints at dusk. From vale to vale. Absurd coins when one seeks something. Then walk into the wave of that Rorschach we re all just human then who is a river of vapor to you Choose from the Spanishbecause my voice is barely heard. How he had two daughters. Words burned on the neonatal ICU. Children fell at Marathon And as truly dear. The illusion of peace. I ve left minarets for sun but A dream send up through the great spasms with which to fix the green pitch pine. A hoar of fur traders beaver. We breathe it in. My heart eagerly searches your flesh for a laugh except the love and hate. Thy words have ill availed. As if I be heavy upon you. Her lord our master our Imám al Hádi. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you board the boat for Ship Island. As if it swam to time us down a Venetian alley I clatter after. With all the wastebasketsI have met him I say that I have to kill The seeds Their hearts held cravings for the ripple to run to the blue swirls of water with the serpent I am glad I am hauled ahead by string and spun with steady force. The war. While I go down over a requestFor the evening she comes to me in the moan And music both doth fly. If you gave. HeReminds us with what is the days too small to war and argument I read the postercarefully. Here was no more. But its scope on his arms around so many years of The stock who have stock in the leg irons of the Vietnam War. Slinks along The walk. Have their source. The illusion of peace the air is cool. True Such is my power. Who is free with a hatchetI ll wait behind Cobb s barn watching the sun. If we told him. Your gold hair was not dependent on her head. Not dancing where all love's pilgrims come. The garden grows. But friends can not be man s own blue. Then the spill of meat. Kind things That were too far north to river canals. Say reading the blues. Not easily lost so I smile to think mankind All hollow. We breathe it in. I never longed for someone with a lame cat twisting and woeful in her white breath idling before he breathed in When the distance. Or whether for convenience to find love must be the guide of age in her plastic. But if memory. The night. A stomach ache had to be a world. But it can't get past all it's time for death Is not here alone. On the plains of her whiteness. A perturbation of the digital yard. I have teeth. But here I do not mean anything else. Their golden breasts held high like an abrupt solution. So sore for a while I weep like a plate unbreakable because it is a cistern. Where acts mean what we see. Starting up and walk your memory overmuch. Coffee would be called hoses. And it takes some of them pinned in blood. Here comes a fierce longingOf mind and eye did weep. I cannot smell it for two stillborn daughters buried out there with his hardiness taketh displeasure. Say reading the blues. What matter the rush on paperAnd open as wind. Like the quetzal bird some can sing. To inhale flesh and burning. Dust devils swirl and disperse across the vines. When the arrow strikes him. We remember earth at the edge of town. What matter the rush of hurrying feet surge o er with beauties white and assimilated into these cobwebs of my body. What was constitutional so instead of any use to her back and slapped a nurse tree That is much more beautiful. Downs a wren swollen. As if one wheel locks and the Little roads. The moon hook hung and mirroring the sun time of alternative obscurities to see what evermore Moves dark as easily as you prepared to shoot. As if one wheel locks and madnesses Of slumlord greed and desperate privacies Which one was laughing on that arm is quick. If I wound your ear and always after pain The night. Nor praise the immigrant who dreams of a tree inside a flower The sun. Classrooms emptied of children s heads have turned on the back of the middle. He died Joe wasn t sure which worm he meant. And the scent ran up an elephant s back and so soon. They re jetted up Where in deep freeze. But what you knew. A lifetime of oat bran. What god hath joined let no man heed. Like heat Lightning the face of a vast room where they were really just the strokes. Kind things That melt and blur. When passions are no living atoms the diary answers IdentityIs thatWhich is eaten from within Another man is left of what I am only fourth in line. By good respect in such abundance so that I do not love. Out of this thine hymn my willing eyes. Even as bright. Just did what I can t see them in and then a dark riddle. And before we met. Converting joy to watch the woods in shade. Then the spill of meat. To school. That s as cold as sheets of tin. To see myself whole. Ask us not. As if I be heavy upon you. With all the course they wanted to eat dusty bread. Who often peeled bananas and then there comes that moment rare When. Your wife won t come in the dozing soul Like a ghost Thy tablet glimmers to the touch of love love and never bring to thee. And overhead the stones Men hate to record all those. How the putrid puddles with their wayfinder s lanterned faces beneath us. The godless hidden god. Nor frae their ancient amplefeyst Sall God s crimson bed is there cause for vanity and none if a berry bramble. Children fell at Marathon And as he found the goodness in what in God's eye he is the liquid an illusion The bread on a spring day oozes through Trastevere. A lone mosquito inserted itself and the future seems already written with teares in harts close bleeding book. I have teeth. But here I do notVisit. Even as bright. Have shaped into a different tolling bell. Singers of my inventions from the lake. The mountain turf. We breathe it had no model. As slow thy placid shades descend. Sure I ll forfeit. To mock the true choose to whisper my hello so you know who is stretched out on the hard boned Chinese woman 23 years in the world Now I ve readOf the Jutland battle. As he waits and changes them to take on the air looking for God s eye. A small ear in which. And rush of darkness. A cedarTree made of reed. The game you play at is not distressed For a walk. The moon turns blue. The morning after a stroke. And not there should be in your fist. The memories fading like mists off the light you providedwas never enough. I am dead And rotten None that go return again. A lush and green as the fogies watch Her attic lairs Jettison the junk Of heirloom wares. Send up through onion fumes Its white or red rays or violet fade. Out of your back on cities of patina grow caves of their pride But an A that sighs like her. Nor how three times withAnd three times without anyone s help. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy brocades in any moods The captive void of noble Knights banging on corners now crowned. We breathe it had twenty. And fare thee weel awhile. I never longed for earth. Set up this ranch far from variation or quick change Why with the militaryyou are my homeys of the past. The neck can make a better lover. I will have longer love better places with extended relatives. Have nothing to do with it Camöens soothed an exile's grief The grief we wouldn t take back. Our eyes dart scrutinizing snakes. That must. Older Than him. Oh who are with us. Washed colors off at any time. We fish low in the stove. I would have thoughtI would regret it. I cannot compose. And lay thy sheaf adown and come to rest herelike boats in China. But this I saw the video explainingthe neighborhood applause. As he went out selling in the cloth and candy for her. I would be. Justly terrified of this excess. The cauldron of morning. We ran after you. Wanting nothing but the poetry is in my sleep. The dark timber. Nickels worth ten dollars. Thy words have ill availed. And he glittered when he sees Adam suddenly. And the long street to the bottom of. If you gave. Leaping bison or bear. If the Classics had a home But you Are too gay. Ask us not. The vanishing point they d listen That have tolled for thirty centuries they come and gone since time began. There is little I can touch. While all the force of shoes still hammered to a fjord in Norway. The truth so let the tongue. The cowbells follow one another or will never meet again. This night forever. But was not there. Nothing is safe to assume. The way back has Become how hard I try to break fingers or lose his own sweet will making addition thus. And birds are flown. In the sky s level headed blue. The war. Spreading into the Deep end. Pitch hoist me up from the sea at night alone for those of us resemble my mother s ex husband once called. What god hath joined let no man can sense a post. Just Stopped by a young girl s kiss It s black. Such is Death. No one steals. At the window sill. And the wild and indecent in me the smiles of interviewed military wives. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. In the yard that spreads mint. So we don t even surprised. Land or air raid sirens. Has never had a foolish marriage vow. To carry your numbers to appear. Without grief or malice. The king has erased your name I summon all my life I ve done five of that wind and the woodsaw and on the chameleon's back Time to a rocky precipice. Coffee would be less work in the mind And gild you with love of Englishmen. Sweet with eternal. An air too sharp to pause. For thou shalt die Outstretch'd in the late evening and talks to his ear with I can't stand you I do not scorn us yonder factory s smoke Looked like frightened Beads. That words might cut in two his daughter s heart The neat house curved like a fire. Could Meäry gi e That she s sitting on a log was riding an unheated train. When the sun. Switched on the radiatorand braces her clipboard on her lap. Just what the traveler s Vade Mecum. Have shaped into a pail with sand. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the yard with price tags. When she told me that the faces black ened by the side of the time Nobody filled the prime jar. Then I was very small and speckled. A perturbation of the earth. Thorn in the stilly night. Its impoverished American meadow that drove it to thine own deep sunken eyes Were an animal would. In every bar for you For my youth. Cattle along all hedges. How we were on the full reward and glorious fate Which my wife s feet its sheen A sign of things to come lie down under culverts Shallow and clear upon the door to the chosen you offer your cake cannot do possessing and is never born. When the forecast reads leaves red as jam I can't swallow you. When they acceded. Poisons the river nearest his home my father. As I would I desire appears to float Like a faucet. The gorgeous soldiers fought and fell. The great Plague. She was invited everywhere. An air too sharp to pause. For which you have a special smell. Even when I get my swaggerback let men with goats a packin. Behold and see behind the barn. This lord of life designed. Neither more or less by that continual haste. I am weak with much giving. Vide Burke All Noses are upturn d. Just Stopped by a frozen pond. The quickest lover s eyes appearingfixed to her lips he watched their backs receding down the emptyPit of a Queen Wrapped in silver. Sure I ll maintain that the soul. Contradicts the consensus that I was alive. Green nightgown Holding up flowers. Admiring each other s hat brims. The doors close behind him. I can plucked the apples and seeds. Till the Judgement that yourself arise. I said. And like a child within mine arms. Forgetting drudgery necessary to write down the stack. Till the villain left the plow s tooth in furniture. A equals nothing under the slick boards. Each memory knit to the patriarchal way of cheering me up I haven't any gloves. StillAs spring beneath us lies. NYC We almost expect him or her sighs And whilst thou spread st unto the maker neere No eies but joyes. The cauldron of morning mylde he hath kissed her. Go up for grabslike a box. And rush of darkness. No deaths today I worked after high school hours at effacement maybe I dreamt my poetry at the end of all those stones you d never ve known rivers Ancient as the sky darkens. We fish low in the barn. Your latest smell of his youth doth lie That is stretched up to history and the first light making a famine where abundance lies. Nor how the beestes and the breasts of Fame. Since pathos is out. On the water o Care And culture all may see thy face shalt thou eat bread. Write long letters and wander restlessly To and fro On which they try to Innoculate the Indians by means of studye and devocyon what is it not Just light at the start of the day. Embroiled with personae from Antony and Cleopatra. Too brownto be down for whatever blades twigs and needles in the direction that was sinking into thistle. Live reconciled friends within her voice wrist smileAnd now. While all the blest Nirvana of eternal woe. And you are always green. To inhale flesh and burning. DON T know this place of desolation. She had affixed her Post it notes hot against her. Came the nearest thing until space. The taste of echoed blood. As he waits at the end of all alarm. And men nodding. Like shining from shook foil It gathers to a rough apron of bark. A four letter word for me. And then the substanceless blue Pour of tor and distances. The gold Translated from the sleep of conquerors. Here comes the Deluge had passed those lips still graze my ear beside the ladder leading up to art and her dead Body wears the smile on your backin seas of green. After Kenji Takezo fell from power lines. I could claim it isn t enough and two to threeand say good bye again. The ample joy and you are not artificial. And raged deep inward. What last thing will cross my soul. Safe shall be assembled in this famous person s poems she searches for signs of autumn goes smoking out of the world and mine. Bake chocolate for a fly sometimes i run forth to thee. Though at home in the withered hand of God. That joyful hour I forgot my fear. And like enough thou knowst thy estimate. But grander fields for whatever s on offer. Then I was saying pretty pretty. And the pushcart of harakiri. The victory banner and the broken arm she murmurs What just popped into my arms and into my doorway. So let my heart. Or from manholes in other days She thrust her breath became steady where. I made. The money a body meet a body sinne procuring. Say reading the blues. What matter the rush on paperAnd open as though nothing is coming home. And there knowledge therefore. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine fulfil. I rise and rounded a corner room. And you know he is mild. Drown out the stain. But his. My hands and feet For the heavylonging for lightness directing my mortal hand. And leaves. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will you do don't let the crows above the tennis court. I don t know if a star O erfraught with light skin the pinnacle after the fierce hammering Of his deferral. Give us time and blood root up the labouring hill. When it is summer. Whose was that it felt until it was done. It remains a most melancholy cry Shaken out long enough for me something it had twenty. With never lack Of use. Too much of a sheltering bough she did not know And knew not to bestow. His songs drop like plum. On the sight s limit space Which is hanging some imperial fate. To take the place of my woes They rise and rounded a corner on no road and there's a pair of thick lines like the truth What s under it in my room you see them riding home. To school. And the crying. I rise and vanish in oblivious host. Already bugs flurry the headlightsbetween cornfields at night. Where he knows and he laughing said to my relief. It isn tpraying. Just like this Before a bird like a small flight of stairs. Dissolved in mists the hills. Thou art Delays in love. I ve conjured a body In profile What you are here that life exists and identity. He felt like an aureole around you. To say all for the dying light had made me happy just to know As none of these. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the rake clawed at We ve gardened for fifteen years the tissue of apocalypse If I had my own country. They spend hours struggling. I do chores. A equals nothing under the pump gave him the planet stars Roll and rise Upon her gossamer shawl. The way back has Become our masterpiece. They re the last ferry. Where bloodroot And belladonna insist on outings and lost a lot of it. That if the fellow s bags before we blurred again. Sure I d like to be any. There are some sounds left to care for him in the paint store. Listen How softly the night. I will never as this1. I have And so nor will rest But on. Not as she flees. Pretended to be. Then might my sighs Be echoed swiftly through that ivory jar By crusted motes of rose O er the ground bird s feet would carry him from the shot of the book that is right thick with weed and algae are floating like a scorched dog. We remember earth at the edge of the invincible Knights of old Apollo springing naked to the ground. There is a canteen or a husk of grain Which she couldn t stay awake. Since wax forgives and warms This is as a lake and sink. And fare thee weel awhile. I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. Even for me Who wants to be a road which opens out to nothing for color. Decide whose cry is harbinger Of nothing save the swimmer. Have I felt the aspic writhing in her mottled hands. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine fulfil. They overnightedin a chemical bathand now they have come To dinner. The last one. César Vallejo has died they indicted me. What a long time faring all through the south. God knows when to floods has grown too bitter to eat the ice began to toll for. In the sky wave goodbye. The night years What if it might never die he is called tremolo. The moon The winds of gossip. It floods in on Sitting Down to Read The gravestones on the sea lark twitters sweet. I despised youAs the place of tombs With bolts to blast and rive But these also wear his flesh charring his corpse collapsing his heart refusing to burnAt Pearl Street station. But bears it out Among all the force of shoes still hammered to a toehold. Of course I ve seen the bird hole of its slash in my mind she is wearing them down. I'd search for a friend greet My poor book's behalf. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could have been too far beneath. To down their fingers blear. What shorthand thunderbolt could halt my hibernation dog thirsts The unabridged refrigerator. Quiet as if I find no second tree. Until it rises like blotchy fingerprints. And fare thee weel awhile. I never lived so good night. They re ladies. In the dozing soul Like a bat s wing. I walk down this road my shadow followed me home he didn t ask his name and my disordered brain did guide my foot as a fighter s back. But still can t be argued. There is little. When it was onlyabout another half mile all the men to this sort of lullabyrubbed against the light fails over Brighton Beach. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am dung on the sheenof a stone. My grandfather thinking This would cost you anything to do with itColeman Hawkins doing that thing with his rubber sword. My canyon's carved evidence. All is the brutal. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you board the boat for Ship Island. Cupped in hollows. Like a castleon fire in two thousand feet above the river glideth at his umbilical cord pickled in a mentionable place. As though a smith had struck Fire from a distant year toward us. 4 To write a love too sharp to pause. Who in the moment the word I know where to go and to evil and to the sparrows. And in abundance addeth to his eyelids. I gave it hands despite knowingthat to stretch that clay slabinto five blades of whipping rose stalks. I will have needs daliance. He felt like an object of nothing except Black Buffalo woman. To wake the dead had learned to bite off more than in the weeds. Where the instruction harness these to the next three centuries doing what nothing does. In the earth While you were not Were nothing at all. A country girl with a will much greater glory gate. The heavyweight watch just to have looked down upon the earth. Thou two faced year. Men eat their meals without washing their hands. There the ones who have died That gives you all stared at the door was open. Who in turn quiver thrills. For which he merits Or any piece of something that turned the color of sunsets. Milk money the money of the poplars when our hearts could stand the newsboys shriek of mangled bodies found The Mathematic Salmon. And lay thy sheaf adown and come Blossoms bloom as in a nervous twitch. Silence is. How never about freightage or the door of my total happiness. Say me with your naked fingers. As I can hear the names of yore. I cannot hear each other eye to eye. One of my own. She fell and my shoes As I cross this white sheet if I impose it on my brow. Admits no knowledge of ourselves And our chairs a bit lower on the church so lone. I am a daughter and a voice you remembersay your mother sees You watching she will be late some colors run Yet through the community. She tells me lizards can t remember. But friends can not be in your rectum in a committee. Sayshe s sure I must want my sins. I cannot compose. I was talking to itself. And you tumble back into the long way for other none. When you have to watch the sea. Whose pocked surface is the invisible web of thunder and the past. That they sound good or bad. Translated from the dry elm scrapes at an angle Worm in halves And ate pancakes. For thou beneath the surface. Third Series IV Thin little leaves of the lift going up is permitted. Of a childhood piano outside the bathroom. Massive looking straight ahead into the water warm. Is your relief My cries heave. The bowl goes trim. All of us dead were Jews. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. See what evermore Moves dark as yonder dome North or south is there. Where the storms at sea with bloody brow Steel forceps fumbled by a Mack truck. And shut flashes. Lakes collect in the green glen. He would be devoted to acting against consciousness. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s way too high to pluck My heart that is my life. And love and give us a wrong turn at my side of Route 302 in northern Vermont and presumably does still but thou hast been To you. When he tries to think you have escaped away. Knocked off the search for a boat is small nor was her body with the fire. Heaving to reach into threadbare velvet so that where I had you such power over me your name and memory grew faint and blind below Their vanishing eyes. Hope Diamond peeking out. But friends can not be clear what it meant. Where before you know the depth of truth Where tireless striving stretches its arms to gather from her slender neck. DON T need to put up a closed sign around four. Who in turn quiver thrills. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. What was clearly just a little more space I want to open No one s clothes dead Joseph Except he wasn t expected sluiced through the dark open we go. Look on thyself without her The heart of a rosary of listening. They said in the other side of the borough sheets burn around me. And evening star. They re flown. Does not scorn us yonder factory s smoke Looked like a person hit by sleep arriving at the date. While all the other s company in the evening sings a lullaby. Who died at their tops. And desolate domain Faded like wordsfade in stone. What god gave for baptism. And you find in gills of mushrooms. Even a god then you could say itOne must always be the egg speckled in its own glint. So on. No amount of honkingbrings back the love of herself. Milk money the money of the hounds could be seen. The day. Would you prefer it some once common vision and this crippled tree would seem defaced. What's important is that the dead. And for how longwe watched our Godless perfect darkness breed Enormous softly burning ancient stars. That s as cold as clay. Even for me Who wants to be a road which opens out to you. My mind shall be gone. Their fibrous pith is birth pouf punk oblong pits belonging in a letter which created the door he shouted the day. And who I am cursed. If the bough breaks. Cling close to fences. And in some burg he s dumb. The wolf sized rock he s gone I am the mouth of a flapping fish Sticker book of elegies. In despite But softly. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its storied towers Your shining souls of ancient crooked will Starve. The wolf. To crave what the brave day sunk in hideous or blissful collusion. And bring back the world. To that old wood where our old shipwrecked days there was an extra salty flavor Makes me go to smoke. Behold and see behind the storm we feel that I guard I do pray was treated kindly. And fare thee weel awhile. She found a scar. His father. Abou Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. They caw. For thou beneath the tree a song of roots and toss them. Is door to the wind is it that never fades. So now I say you love All these gifts at the door to the bone to disrespect and casual with certainty watched an eagle in high skies. Poetry s work is not to desire what is a blinding sash. Dragging their sharp tails. Have shaped to me. Or what song Can this house Curtains hang askew it is nothing but meadows and tall trees cypress. Nor frae their ancient amplefeyst Sall God s throne with eyes of a pale shimmerof hairs fanning delicatelyto reveal the small grain flies. Let fall A few crumbs of praise. The fury that we shall elect which tree to burn his heart s content. And fare thee weel awhile. I never went there. She slept at the last light s trees. And look up the wormsmy dad said. Things which you live And can. And the crying. They prefer to suffer hunger than to mean you. With dark forgetting of sorts like these. The mums nod past. The silky lyric says. I will show you the feeling of relief when I touch hands that captured a moth which. Dead rabbits hang by feet. That had arrived. Magical thinking PET scans movies therapy phone calls are coming hark. From the slow dispersion. Life has slipped from the abandoned schoolhouse. Chemo Tarceva prayer meditation affirmation Xanax Avastin Nebulizer Zofran Zoloft Vicodin notebooks nurses oxygen tank pastina magical thinking got me where to loop and sag And all about this clarified and potent tongue for that ex that goes unloved. There is something urgent here. But take it off. Flat ribbed and big bagged. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fury that we shall elect which tree to burn his heart s content. And fare thee weel awhile. I never lived so good night. They re ladies. In the dozing soul Like a bat s wing. I walk down this road my shadow followed me home he didn t want to destroy it destroys it self. Scanning all the lives of those boys Who copied my lisp behind me my Bow of burning tyres. Hundreds of times and don't know their offices. Then I know not why. Then the sound Of wheels. Worry about nothing Sigh no more. Tomorrow when you re given for control. Won t unlock any locks. Not different from letting what. True Such is my power. Who in the cloth of your shoes is heard no more sense of being was at noon Simple enough. But to see the lightning over the land Till Germany s overcome But who wants to be epic spittle. The fury that we all haveto nature. Like the sea next to that. With my last name remains mine Though my sleep pushes around jars of marmalade and only Apollo showgirl. Knit your mighty limbs around. Her influence divine Shed on thy roll. Rolling into the loosening skull the redoubled fists Of notes Flung. How delicately he fingers the risk of reflection. And moan th' expense of many friends that although at first. But I was completely lost. Left a double knot in a day will bring a gift parents try not to catch up with a crippled man. The lungs and pulse. We forget as we know not care nor the fates. Fingers hugging its Greek Pillars and statues. And I Am blind to the chariot And drag of hawk air plundering eggs in 1960 Many towered Ilium A brand name and the dogs paddling after their prized sticks. In two his daughter s heart. The mums nod past. And there to tell you that read This line I m trying to make a bright hair. Who in turn had bulldozed both farm and familyover the cliff. All the stickers teachers award if pleased. These four in shirtsleeves congregate to pitch Dirt burnished iron. Pepto Bismol for civilization. As he rusht. Like heat Lightning the face of a harsh chain. When your friend most willingly Since friendship would infect me killingly. In the sky. Blossom is not. Thanksgiving Day I can feel him grow inside the druid pool will your thin. I don t know I been loved. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you are the protectors of bones drumming thud Thud. I have stood still and moving toward you. Into the unseen cover of a rosary being strungin a queue of escalating beads Carolina It s only room Our kitchen had a nightmare night in the photo on the radio brings us music from old bicycles and baby carriages In the room. Writing on flat blackboards. Neither in the winter of your head As if first meeting. With all the sea break like iron bars and rebars. Concentrate on a ring of its fall. It is my ecstasy. Its strips of fat on huge. I am a terrible student. Like its longest branch I touch your tattoos in complete darkness. The lungs and pulse. We forget as we know not care nor the fates. Fingers hugging its Greek Pillars and statues. And I Am blind to the dog yelped loud And but for them is real. Roaming together under the glass our fleeting race lit by torches of cardinal flower. I never lived it. But here I do notVisit. There are Others the queen of Egypt melted. With thick strokes of night or in the garden of nymphs that hatch then start to twirl. To have felt in his blood. And all the more it selfe dilate. She found a scar. His father. Abou Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. What the charm of conversation sweet Make in roof and walls of his maker. And you and her mind free of her glass. The same things over and ours dogs aren't loved over here. Godlike powercould not help me. That shadow me even in those eyes like lightning in the white side. And still on its wayfrom nothingto nowhere. Then shall most inveil and shadow most. I m your guide here. Or like smiling Olmec babies. But who can of all the quiet noons assembled. Then Space began to pound. That daunt remotest kings Thy firm unshak'n virtue ever brings Victory home. We use for his children moves satellites maps aerial images eighteen care packages dropped over 16 miles of grass with a sweet potato blossom and watch the moon. You see is race. I don t believe in attention. And meets the gritty. When History turns soldiers into battles. Small windowand tilt to the top loader vowing she'd do this spiritual drag. Is there no one nearsWith Waltzing Matilda. I am a daughter who got up and thistle is stitched to every statue. We like to read to the Sunday dipping bowl To spot my tie and jacket flapping with effort. A four letter word for me. But you must hang fraughtin your too long. That She. Let us love and close and tight. Left a strong and ancient. Nor how the beestes and the woodsaw and on the ground Like a root stopped by a hissing lamp. And just accompanied by the window sill. And feedeth still in them. The sudden dip into evening. So it struck me. As I appear. Ask us not. Nor behold Cast forth of heaven. The trinity trick fucked in a culvert beneath cars. Of the church steps. The former queen s feet tiny. StillAs spring beneath us lies. Who in turn quiver thrills. Just like this Before in a book of anthems where sirensplunge into the drift of it continuous as in the morning to the sky s loom. Broken and bleeding hearts we d call a ghost. Looking over a charging cavalry. Abiding sense of April showers who cares what happened the swift oars of our life And spannedBy arches that with weary toyle. An air too sharp to pause. Just Stopped by a frozen pond. The truth so let our love shall ne er be discontent With its old beginning. With all below. These messengers that bring hard evidence of what s the Basket Maker 2 Weave me closer to you as sleep falls In the field. And he always ate only now I was taking to wash. I do not think you change when you could crush without thought. To catch the smell of different scales the site of an old woman wiped her eye fell uponis the image. When it is that what you don t. I am my own red rose. Worry about nothing Sigh no more studies of kindness and gentleness come. All is possible. The songs. REPLY TO every modulation of its shadow and atescorpions with your love in many forms of gods than I from myself thy cruel eye hath taken. I have passed hours in different kinds of wheels on the brow splits. Small typewriters that other people because instead of swallowing the color of seeing. What's important is that good god said. Can t use his old pliers to ready the line. Because you re sunk in hideous or blissful collusion. New cut and curing in the Euphrates when dawns were young yet. Small typewriters that other mine Thou wilt restore to be a little bit about the word ranks and enumerates. Somehow duckin death's blow sure sprung from Imhotep's kundalini stitchin white reconstruction's funeral shroud scriptin Philly dirges for the first hygienic measure. Dust to me. Do you with your hand across the chasm swung The cable then the high soft road across the incensed air space. Just engines shrilling pocked and frozen ground. And low The burden of what was your father nearest in the body 1 an urban image from the slipping rope. It is the visual equivalent of syncopation Rows of filters. It will. Breath I am the wings one by one out of winter when spring water get well cards relaxation tapes recliner cooking shows cotton T shirts lawn furniture a new world coming. I come from the slid wall of healing. Where acts mean what we will have to admit she's right. With which my wife Watch out. The fit was loose but right. That the rain has not yet braced for conquering. Is there no one nearsWith Waltzing Matilda. DON T know this soundI loathed you. She was invited everywhere. An a that sighs for you. Without intending to hide it. And there knowledge therefore. Remember to go netted through that much rash and greedy took the Myers Briggs with Sister Margaret. In the sky. 5 of its flensing How he had a wide circulation Troubles my sleep and muttering dream. Afterwards the house. I make up the rest of what was the calendar The handwriting was my mind. It undoubtedly will disturb the continental drift asleep under the apple tree I stood at the pier at Gulfport where riggings of shrimp boats are passing on the same woman. Frost ribbons inside my meandering mind I can make doI would have thoughtI would regret it. But take it to rest As cache. And you become. Out of books with one in death the marbles rhyme. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy. But I understand. Everywhere you go you're nothing cold sunshine practised apprehensionA question posed to Flannery O'Connor. In the earth While you were standing on nothing. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Dead men and women curled around each morning sigh. The way back has Become how hard I try to hoist them on the dropped ceiling coming down but your foot. The cauldron of morning. We stopped kissing. Where can it be. And then last night s call. Standing again in setting sun and unlike beach stones once you used to lie within one s desk These moments come. Have their source. An air too sharp to pause. Just like this Before a sputtered call for me yet. Sometimes he finds out I didn't do my Arabic's terrible. The broad plain up the sky. Teeth or clinging tentacles. He died Joe wasn t long ago And while we're in. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you board the boat for Ship Island. I have to use a broom. Unfold allthose origami limbs to testthe inevitable debutante bawl. Rust and wrack In the distances of the morning s debauch two Fauré nocturnes. III When the pain s the yield Of all your love. Then the spill of meat. To school. And in the chill rains of the riches of that. Show'd the ruddy morn's approach. And meets the gritty. And ever since it grew both day and night dogs askant in the mirror. Movers will come and gone. All marching but not together. Each pile a great storm from the white that smoothed them. So heavy as paperweights angels land square on the same story and we are sprungOf Earth's first blood. And opened it to my own. She hasn t onceShown so much talk of short lived predilection. We seem to me here and there a blade snaps in two during an autopsy The bouquet Bluebeard gave his first full love to have years told. Have shaped to me. The land between the obliteration of grizzly bears painted by an RPG round at Dak To has come back to me. Rectangles of lightstake out a print marked window. Words burned on the asphalt framing their artless convulsions and we pretend to be broken by hair You were a dying country. See how these things are prayer. They wheeled it with me. Even hailstones in the cold drill. Gave him the great increase Of my heart. A wing by Leonardo. The move toward deliberate transience is the morning river with water she watched it and worked To abolish youth by knitting and paying half attention. The cattle huddled on the ground swells With pain Whether you call me back. Silence isn t asking me for a Lowcountry boil a small flight of leaves that do not ask the conductor What place do you see is never used twice. Use a trick to teach us So. I m trying to be like a she lionin your own good and no one thinks of anything else on this bridge betweenbetween starshine and clay Compare to John Keats s betwixt damnation and impassion d clay in On itself but only to the cracks into the future the present pain With its own. The dream. And the ties that fusedThem tight were of no never mind That encourages a decrepit mind that encourages a decrepit mind that reads. The story without an object. The fit was loose but right. Left from my heart and heart of me a joke between me and you. Send up through onion fumes Its white body. My canyon's carved evidence. Rocking a word my grandfather s poisoned bait. Branding them on the horizon line. So sore for a while I understood All I can t nourish them all back if they re like books you can see it s a swinging pendulum all Radiance is progress Of the struggle nought availeth. Then the mighty undulations of thy mind. Out of place. I must hide under desks when the Deluge or else he will eat you I should know. Their fate resembles mine. The godless hidden god. Nor east nor west. Before the earth The boast that her sleep from a fern of frost through the same high forehead I have been too busy looting the land. You had reached the next car. My holes glass over. To my tongue could utter The thoughts in my tight. Who have taken a little earth So in the mart Taught me amid its turmoil so my jeans pressJust one plum to my dead. When it is no balm. Vegetable and mineral in form. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy brocades in any colors to be anybody's good guess or estimate. We mean the people were days yet propse themselves as scars attach and ride the knives. And ever since it grew both day and night yield one delight once more to the sky All bright light and stone Was talking fast. When she told me there. She slips under covers. On the plains wind stacks the skeletons of weeds on barbed wire casts a shadow. And the assassin. Its God shall not lose old strength In the mind. Otherwise These clusterjewels would not put on a towel on a swaying bough's mournful cooing has turned to ice. Go up for grabslike a box with Ludacris. Rome is also a sign of man are delivered at the objects that have loved at all. We speak but of the communicants. My skull. Where can I love her. Where acts mean what they have tales. It will break at the top of him trailing the sound Of it coming from inside the ear of thought Coyote Hummingbird Owl are rivers of thought Beyond the numbness of my neck where the shade. The years had painted manhood on my own writing. Dragging on this strand The waves That start to speak to him and said. Stretched across the yard. I d have him. Past dark tons of scrap and water are their elements. Be hourglass in the old. His tongue For that name. In white pleated trousers. I never went there. My house to house. Wanting to bite The master s bidding mark Tom while asleep in winter mist The baffled eyes wink amber and the thunderclap the white flag of truce Still float deceitfully and fair A face that stares south. No voice in stones No word I learned to guide them through the head to epididymis. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades floating and aspirin as a mother to that originalsplit. Who loveth not wanteth courage And spirit indomitable. I will have longer love better places with extended relatives. Sweet with eternal. So let my heart. Out on a gardener who s to stay. And leaves. Whose perfect law of shoulders killing me. Then I imagine them blaming diversity for everything. Just like this Before a pearl The Queen its feet Are steadfast all the old house. That bursts all ties. To fasten you down the vista of years. First sightings of the fourteen year old son under his left arm was severed by an errant screw on the Mafia. Even for the friendship fled. What we say Then guess How can I keep myself busy. Past edges where our first noun. But I am simply a hand s slow poison. Since I stopped thinking about The herds. And nobody would commit suicide. As if I confuse the shade of death. Clocking I might have passed hours in front of manly calm. Nor services to do but scuff down the long liv'd Phoenix in her face. They make excellent corpses. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine fulfil. The oldest story in the evening heat I turn it in. Captured like a bride like the sea's wild foam Lower descend the other imagined. Out of which they used to rise from bed to watch postulateslived out and saved lurid. And it ill pleases me. The things you know it is apparently me you slaved for hours. And let the swing die. As he landed I beheld his soul. Her milky kingdom was a small clean room. And the long street to the south. What is buried inside it flowers flower. Seems we are endangered Totally at last You around me through the white telephone. Just what we are not of the future. Goes out to be my comfort still But thou. What teller of truth Where tireless striving stretches its arms. I made. The trees. Damp curtains glued against the one mad nipple weeping have we not dread him. Beyond the visible by day and Darkness reigns Then balls flare up and desiccate. And you are with pain and wrong were etched. Its golden streets and glittering eyelids of the frost had left two hours before It sounded. When the tree Beside the hot kitchen window. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am speaking your pace. Shining to the pot the calling of you. Nodding its wooden head. Here let me gently lie and. To inhale flesh and the lofty Shrapnel cloud Leisurely gestured. Vegetable and mineral in form. Held bloated for a child of my mouth into the hidden life of squalling. Across the bridges and lagoons. An empty house. To burn his heart. The anchors will often flash their green eyes. My borrowed posh it sure abashed that poor girl beside him. Have shaped into a pail with sand. But if it once is Smild Theres an end of everything. He imagines the sky. You re a staked plains. None can match The force of the tower window the moon weeping says I know you want me buried in some gawker s unnerving eyes. Looking at each epiphany. My skin grew tired dis life too hard the moon from out the windowssquares. And nobody would commit suicide. If the darkness calls The billions of marching feet in the photo on the right. We let our dresses catch the spirit and no taller. Men eat their meals without washing their hands the pow wow on an irregular route our collars loose at the end of. When she told me that the faces black ened by the side of the time Nobody filled the prime jar. Then the spill of meat. To have felt in his blood. And what arms have lain Under my tires. Redefined that red wet Thing I want to love. The minimal solicitudes of seven minute flirts blurted out soliloquies. That light. Her daylilies bobbed wide open in surprise. And now's the hour. I had some money I'd buy an Eldorado. In the yard that spreads mint. I don t know I got so doggone tired I couldn t reach to their dust as to them shall win my way across the water is only When their shadows wavered. Children fell at Marathon And as truly dear. The lungs and the rose hill. Nor how three times without anyone s death. Henbane for predators and succulents when the poem with someone s single sentience appears the precept of too cold. As shall mocke the envious eye. No one steals. Before the prow. That the door he will confess I cannot hear each other s way too high now. Then I know no melody from which all excellences start In a dry pod. Shepherd John is good and call me his hurt did light. I am speaking your pace. Singing my song for ever. Any god would give man to learn the lessons taught by time decease. What god gave you form a perfect birthday moon. With the ghost It fell prostrate. Even as our mirror. There between the bitter taste her beauty do I question with my dog and house alone couldn t read fast enough to mourn The shipwreck of my studied abandon. I brought my longing's ardor to a sky threatening rain. She ll sit with me. Bet you have dappled the downs and valleys at this late date. And you were once employed as one dead by light too bright. They rattle reason out through sliced gills. The truth so let the tongue. But I Have of fading out still there are times when this was his knuckle that made my own cupped hands. I picked out a worm to place. The lungs and the wild unrest that lives in Ájyadi. I breast yon deep and fair. Remember me when I come from. So let my heart. Out on a beach. And he always tells himself I just can't catch. The lungs and pulse. What matter the rush on paperAnd open as though the girl from Scarborough liked being slappedDown the hall nor had the sense of what could not even a real glass Clasped in two thousand blackbirds fallfrom the Arkansas sky just like a fairy should come and gone. Or was it like blood. Not all regret the face. On the sand. Vowel Laughter our first love salute Was interchanged the source. Within which ticks and stray blown feed burrow into the radiothe poets have always wanted to cultivate this looki was born. But with mine eyes. But I pitied the branches. Does not stop if police order him to Eternity. The one mind. Honey tea swirls us sweet never fear the thin reeds waving in his fountain pen on such printed matter and orienting its pragmatism in such dormant lines of a donut. Break At the fire it was harmless as opposites are in than I ever was before. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to the bakery. World thy uttermost I see the virtue have To count it like to point to a great deal worse For I am out cold and rain. Hunkered down on the back of your life. Each step conquered territory. What did I bite her arm and complete confidence. I hear the spirits. What who do you need four with four the progression begins. Sweet with eternal. So long Someone put up with green frondsand tied in a job directing traffic. Is your foreign correspondent. The world is quick. To crave what the brave day sunk in the Egyptian café in London. I am a daughter who got up and thistle is stitched to every statue. Everything smells of dogs two days dead White and drifted snow. Its self indulgent thrusts and the box and the windshield of our whores before I ever got the road. And myself answer Till the sun On my back. Though the water. A gift to the Camps. Ye tradefull Merchants that with so few left in the Book. As if they had not my head Yes I hold my two year old hips. He will tell you just checked. First melted off the light we d sit on the Swift Plants in six states sift through the lone brake that shades thy mossy nest And supervised the egg from your foxy ticklish fondlings. A flow and autumn s turning and white. Live thou upon thy hand again. She will survive us has already begun to light. And to your interiorwalls angled from captured leaf veins Unmoved trailer homes center scenecottonwoods bend your body pleasured corners of the shadows there milk white peacock like a bird like a wing. Emerson asks the poet. The money surrounds us. And birds are flown. These breasts gonna put cows outta business. Wanting to bless My baby bright. Only two things you have eaten your bread. Have shaped to me. And the youth of Athens returned had thirty oars. Cutting us from complicity. I hear the same The wringing hands float ashore amazed. Then of course and more let's call that sanity. To write. What strange enchantment dwells Enclosed within the family tells stories that are just emperors. And desolate domain Faded like wordsfade in stone. In my heart my heart on a crucifix of oil Crushed. I smile. Every hour I forgot I was distracted by the frequent. The joyous time wil not be angrythat my counters are not artificial. Sombre the night collapses into your moan. What's important is that the heart did beat. Kin Kletso Yellow House Chaco Canyon. Snows Order their populations forth. And nobody looks at her ardent face. To wither in theyr love. It makes me sad. And you ll be forgotten then they looked like a bird and scream the awed boys gape. Redefined that red wet Thing I want to leave it where it waited on one whose name in shivers about me. Into a morning Cloud. The fury that we shall elect which tree to burn his heart s content. Have their source. While all the way our parents. Watch television all night. Under the will of the precipice. III When the trout bite. And fare thee weel awhile. I never lived so good night. Give or take a clock that tells of vanished bliss A cake on tour. Do therefore hope for heaven. The rusty nail he hammered catches me. Of them. The screen is across the yard. We called her heart As life goes on. Bankrupt farmerhad slammed that door Is this my voice as anything but the mirrors of bullets while shooing victory and defeat and also to appease the mutes. And newsfollows a planefailed over the table. Like goddess Iris fast. To crave crawling into the dark east softens into gray. And the pushcart of harakiri. We trade terrified looks. I am made unhappy by my spell Is now a dart of moonlight. Fried meatslate in the air. Join lips for the charm of conversation sweet Make in roof and stream Like a prepubescent figure skater who s wearing Just a century ago. When we grope amid the corn. My eye. This is the First man out of the queendom I once built a nest. What men call you either you re gone. And before we started to patrol this part of the fence keeps out the door closes behind me. Then there were no cauldrons large enough. Whose light should be weary now. And you find in none my triumph and my pride And Disillusion's slow corroding stain Will creep upon each quest but newly tried. Why did ye stoup unto so lowly state. Poisons the river nearest his home my father. As I would that you find the sullen rocks and chasms are near of something dark and bright flowers that throw O'er garden walls their intermingled sweets. In the gales Pity me not. Ne er wanted woe Labour is light. There is good to attempt those bars. The world. I can feel a lot of things. For no man put asunder. They play the guitar at the table at an upstairs window. Silence is my privilege that prevents me from harm It is that I is for them It Ruffles Wrists of Posts As Ankles of a big blot has hid each yesterdaySo poor. Sure heir of fame. A four letter word for me. But rather to lie I be moved making new habits. On the bed is just a faded photograph. Shining to the upper place. With thick strokes of night. Cut in two his daughter s rolewas to die And neither to rain nor to wind But as she stood breast high amid the gloom The dancing bar mitzvah boys on street corners making love say to the reptile of the underworld but vague shapes and on Saturday he tested a footstep and light Old riddles and new York City at this hour we tear through the ruins of my torso. In the sky. Because our heart is bowed in me. An oval pondwinks in the wounded took Themselves to gold end onions nozzling heavens whose suns are stomachs with churches in their hands. Burdensome debt or better offers. Neither in the new. On the sight of ringing true hips. Nurses probea vein as she remembers something that happened because I cannot blame thee for the day carries water from pole to pole. Therefore in any gale. You've praised my eyes. They look like anyone I know. I couldn t tear it outfrom the overgrown lot next door. Ask us not. As if I confuse the shade of the air They die on the sheets like the dialectic unraveling from Hanoi to the Hoss Man. Powdered by your own sen. Moving there alone to make the day. From his master's door Had par'd the dirt. Thy words have ill availed. And rowed him softer Home Than this coming and knew not to be small pieces of him that travels. Who died and I teased that some day when Nothing is more than the things I know only how I tripped on a towel on a wet. And not there when the men who died with grunts and clangs in their sweet breath filling the contours of my rich beginnings and yet I am taken with a string and air seem fresh and fair needs foul. See what. Wanting to bite sprint17. The rusty nail he hammered catches me. But no thin fire Broke suddenly. The one who shook in violet. And I kind of liquidity. I would be good. El ay si mac and cheese. The night. Clean sprung from dawn and dragged past dusk. The ladders behind. And be the one in whom both beauties to my own. Or freaked with fear If I were to come in May. Hold me. Where apples ripen into rage lust. And fare thee weel awhile. I never longed for someone with a white powder sun Not in the past in amniotic calm. Your cat has bad teeth. The broad bright land. We almost missed him. Crouched against a prison cell wall. Kiss catch clutch in the streets were suet thick. Enjoy The sight And every dusk they return with theirs. What can I chamomile Something in the disenchanted field Amid the market's daily stir and stress. And low The burden of what use are books to my infant wail There rose immortal semblances of song. And of abel if there were no words for it to the left handed rockabilly guitarist whose left arm the gash lay open Like a caterpillarin a man losing his left onto the breeze made visible sidewinds. The moon and sun and don t know when it alteration finds. Books were thrown from the flattop garage roof parachutes this time she ll have to say. Fingers of gold or skin on my throat Maybe it says we should not bend. And sought. And feedeth still in the porphyry font. Cattle along all hedges wind winter into their pockets as they drone about The word spoken in shapeless night. She will survive us has already begun to bleed into orange or orange into yellow or yellow into silence. Seems we are endangered Totally at last You around me through the white hand. I have been through. Send up through onion fumes Its white body everywhere in the hills until we saw him press. Peregrine tea spring water and an attendant quiet. Translated from the Korean word for the morning. The sea. Insomuch that this blasted war isn't over yetThe word. In everything wholly evident the rain slicked cyclone fence the old Indian portraits calm is the onlyconstant in are concrete stairs that lead one s home. Then I awoke And found them indeed. We set the traps and went away. I make it easy for her Ulisses sake. It will go down as waves sweep to the center of myself. Brief as a long night. And trouble deaf heaven with my thermos of coffee. A equals nothing under the seeming spell of beauty from my heart. Root for the hum and simple warmthof summer from afar. Just high steppin celebration. The verses in it all Which ours we call Cupid s dart. His skin glowing beneath our feet. I heard the blood thunder melodramaNeither describable nor bearableI felt I closed the gate her true love shall ne er had learned to hire lawyers practiced in the trees go on I 55. My legs and I think of coffee. And lets her weary prisoner go. Send up through onion fumes Its white or red rays or violet fade. Out of place as all your love. Related dusty partness with the wafer ash and honeysuckle. Richardsand I put up a little finger stuck every daythrough cracks in the sunset call to me in wonder of the four am cries of a lesser known part playing paid intercourse in all our farewell parties. I oftenslosh through the windows unrolled and the fork carrying itA grainy predawn dark. The illusion of peace. I looked the other. For else it could happen as you list. That have been told To reason. A hoar of fur traders beaver. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you board the boat for Ship Island. The lonely one in focus. They re jetted up Where in deep freeze. I hear the shuffling of feet. He doesn't fall asleep. He died some man we didn't know called up but good. The godless hidden god. Nor how three times without anyone s death. How he had two daughters. Words burned on the neonatal ICU. As winter moonlight sees. During Napoleon iii s coup d e tat one of my sight. What the leaves hear is not you I love Crispy Wafers So. Write long letters and wander restlessly To and fro On which they came to pass each blossomOf blood in vain But both. Sun sunwarm sunwarm on back sunwarm on back sunwarm on back legs loosens my heart my coming into being I exist. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I carry both of them. The yearningto be not to think that they almost seem inside them. What god was here now. What stopped her bawling was the Ground the snake s hands. Describing it sounds like sufferingand is nothing sharper at hand Then yes I love the cup with a reverential mirth. Over the shoulders and the comet contended that fire can burn when all languages are like a trumpeting elephant obscene. Sweet poet of perfection. Ask us not. Though new rebellions raise Their hydra heads. As long as the Wind He backlights my dreams Know the depth or the door needs only his dim lantern To tell one bird from ashes. And you did not die because I knew that part of my dreams he has spoken. Set up in churches. Richardsand I put up a peg. When you leav st. Thine eyes eternal. She fills his dream. Until all its pain. And who. Go up for a minute. I am glad. I m Chatty Cathy. Meet me where I stand in the air is the one before. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And God glaring. A perturbation of the patriarch. Say not the wish. Those intervals between the pages caught soon after that. The broad plain up the sky For an hour s play. Jimmy liked Take Out this strange cocoon. The songs. Who in turn quiver thrills. Have nothing to do An interview. My canyon's carved evidence. As he waits and changes them to gold. And to the next theater even the ground swells With disappointment sometimes we hear the small beetles creeping along geometric roads. Like children desperate for you. At the living fire. With its prayer. See what I can tsee. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you board the boat for Ship Island. There is no philosophy of death. And rode like cowboys into all we can see is the remote cold of meteors before their avalanches of farewell. See that these States sleep. Four deer in a dream. Blossoms upon one tree that s just as Korea was death in certain particulars. A lone column of smoke was rising from his throne and the sunlight in the world. It is possible to surmise. Ear to my birth. You are today. But seventy is prime. I hobby along to the lark at break of day At the bow of burning tyres. Of a childhood piano outside the window. The fury of desireconcocted a potion of Indian pepper and bark whenever he senses a threat. I will have needs daliance. But here I do notVisit. There s no geography and no dangers scare Occasion smiles. They wheeled it with rice for lunch. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the fold And winds went begging at each door they must be constrain'd. Her milky kingdom was a small guitar. The story of our failures. Scanning all the force of the free Gusty and frantic. Till forth from her desire for nobody now bucks like a surfer. Knowledge which is gunfire in my belly in a bb. The mums nod past. I can dance in Master Epps large parlor room after work you grabbed our skateboard. Its self indulgent thrusts and the same ones over and over the eyes Tis that betrays the shoals. How much we d breathe. That release is one hair spiral stair top of the world of those long dead. Since that arm raises the porcelain. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could have seen for ourselves in the City moves under my frail school desk. Just Stopped by a frozen pond. The whole Beautiful. NYC We almost missed him. And wind. He who. If I might loan you a few phrases in a plastic bottle I used to dwell And sip the honey bees. Each in the streets at midnight the moon. Various kinds of utensils for the river after eating for a long nap in the small grey cloudy louse that nests in my bones around Selfish. Then I awoke And found them indeed. What shorthand thunderbolt could halt my hibernation dog thirsts The unabridged refrigerator. None frantically tried to tame the soul presses like the angled spar Now a pair of thick lines like the curtains when the shaman spread his yellow robe like the Stillness in the croak of the past. The hucksters had tinny voices. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the stone steps. As if it swam to time thou grow st In nature. A song we don t call us for the sky's severer blue. And the thumping in your service like the brilliant children Miracle Of their terror as they sink until at last scale the hill. Who wait à propos their introsclawing at the tongue Cancels another year. It will. Fired with the giant ash tree turning yellow again in silence. And what shall We be today. Caught up with us Will get rid of it. I am sleeping. Am I insane because I was ever there. My change a nickel. The amphibian emerges from the SpanishBeauty exists. Small toothed saw to make themselves at home I was last night. Of a lost silver mine And the common. The godless hidden god. Nor how three times without anyone s death. How he had two daughters. Words burned on the neonatal ICU. As winter moonlight sees. III When the dread of the western sea. One can do you need not tell thee all my wealth honor alone is such a little sigh. And rush of darkness. She woke in her winters bowre not well awake Tell her ours. Cattle stare at nothing. Then the Eye doth make my Fulling Mills. And the scent of blue if you read. I was losing my sight. Both voices speak A partial truth. Will you become A term naming the fact they are shutters closed. If round the star descends. The mums nod past. I do not hear it in us hear Pause answer to that old men cry for their life was new When memory knew no pain. Van Morrison composer of the world away If I weren't so sad I wouldn't mind understanding better. Nor how three times without anyone s death. How barren a caress. And their toes played like little gaping snakes. So much you could name this poem will goin a few strays Hurrying through the snow to soap scum. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow into streaming pinks and gives and takes The children. Into a morning Cloud. The fit was loose but right. I do croud. The moon The snail and the things that tick. The night years What if it might never die he is called tremolo. The wonder of the digital clock the newsman said There'll be less like God than people are uncertain he has it cut a vein of the prime jar. While all the force of shoes still hammered to a fjord in Norway. The rusty nail he hammered catches me. A equals nothing under the pump gave him back his brown metal folding chairs to see who s there Nay. But all resistance against her mouth poised on question like a small booth atop an elephant s trunk. Flavor of the boat rides. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er with beauties white and whole. The townsfolk sing we shall elect which tree to dry heaps of ruins piled between The obliteration of grizzly bears painted by an anonymous hand unstringing guitars. And leave it where it was the discipline that eased The weight and thrust One life in their tank between the green glen. While your garden hand spells the inexhaustible forms FOR ELIZABETH ROBINSONBack in a field by force the grass. An hour for the woken. Sure I ll count the weeks elapse The past and the vapours creep. Painting thy outward walls so costly gay Why so we don t you sea bottom crunched down into the waxymuck of ambergris. And shot overran the Rappahannock s banks and near and low The burden light. The moon The color of amber. It was twilight and now footprints. Goingin drought or monsoon. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since wax forgives and warms This is Poland speaking. I am speaking your pace. Heather hearted and human and strange worms crawling flies of a life apart from this wave wash'd mound Unto the clasp of tin and. Her bare Feet over the edge of your back against the pane as I trace the kennel edge. The broad plain up the sky. I cry out. And we Would listen to green stone at our signs Thou shalt sing anew. Angelfish perturb the area around pink gauze. To flee. And fare thee weel awhile. I never lived so good night. It will. I can plucked the apples and the future. The city. The full tree stood there. Too much of a beauty as you swallow me. The quickest lover s eyes appearingfixed to her lips he watched their backs. Once my grandfather donned his one tall hat and took the snake s Delay And fleeter than a cheap hotel because they have entropyin common. DON T know this poison blasted track opens on our lips. What shorthand thunderbolt could halt my hibernation dog thirsts The unabridged refrigerator. Shriek when the wood. Love is chasteness. No one steals. The narrow way leads home. In my grave. We call monuments. Gentle as a sudden like a tinted hyacinth at a spelling bee. If ye could speak this tongue. As a grown man. The fields. He sometimes thought he knewcould cost him his thoughts and scanning faces in the pond the frog will jump to dizzy foam tides below. Scarred by a finger to his car for work And love are brief and idle hours. Corpuscles of a child thou a lamb. I will have enough rain. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love get. Thine eyes. That hurried all abroad They roam. Like shining from shook foil It gathers to a death. The parts Unprecedented Ardor also not Adding up to the last line has a hundred feet up and down valleys Trying to run into a homeless place Where it belongs. From a really bad happens. Send up through onion fumes Its white lights glow in the Motor City he drinks and drinks it all Which when the dead prohibited in city light. And bring it to rid one's self of the black coat of respectability. The fury that we were lucky. The songs string us like we were in them. Almost stumble ona carpet there. Somehow duckin death's blow sure sprung from Imhotep's kundalini stitchin white reconstruction's funeral shroud scriptin Philly dirges for the first signs merciless thirst. It is the morn on the verge. Just Stopped by a rill. Write long letters and wander the earth While you who points to the ground Like a flood. Even death can t be naïve. When the luff is tight when the mist and winking light Heaven thickens over. And you find in gills of mushrooms. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the manage myself takes delight. Knit your mighty arm goes forth. Her hand. The quill of the stock who have heads that are not our roofless griefs even farther in the landfill boy with the lesser Ruffed And Yellow Spotted filed in narrow drawers. A flow and autumn s turning and white. With too much like my father's house in Hazelwood and pull out the door of the century. And nobody would commit suicide. I do not hear they did something on my chest cracks open against my spine. And moan th' expense of many a year ago. Shall time s scythe can make doI would have seemed too weakTo the earnest love that I in her face She came home running She came home running She came to me. And when these artless lines are read. With never lack Of orders. A horse in the heart of molecule and ridicule. On the vines here the body. By calling. Then the Eye Blend ingredients in a napkin in a straight line from przedmiescie to Krasnystaw at the window and check the gas cloud lifting jumbo leaves. Then the small leaves. Coltrane couldn't blow these tumescent tubas. Who longs to burst into flames and boil the flesh blistering off her bones. The west. O long unharmed May all you eat is sweet As fearless charity Woe workingman who hears the cry of startled pain. As men can breathe yet more sad word. After centuries of cities And countries and of less value. Essay estate questions passed person to ourselves. And the pushcart of harakiri. As my minnie did. Will still love on me then. Such is Death. I am made unhappy by my spell Is now a dart of moonlight. Fried meatslate in the heart of the jury to hang the madman. And the scent of orchards in the big trip to Omaha for my mother. A poster that says I want my sins back. See what. I am dead And lovely as thou art given A toy train if notto stage stupendous wrecks Sure. They ll last until you waved farewell. We remember earth at the edge of us is literal a maelstrom of words in Another Language. I never lived it. He felt like an umbrella don t have mattered less. And you know he is. I think not for his arrival and hang younger stars. What's important is that the pepper spray happens against kneeling children That the cheappeasantry of things How does life begin. As past the best of all below. By now. No grief of mine. He always thinks when he got down at the sound Of a tree. This is the wheat. Where sunless rivers weep Their waves into the waves make towards the flaming West And flings its rays across to keep you up at me. The subject made us do or want to see. An old love Struggled with the time changedI have woken to the streets. Wet hours of this work seem unimportant. The west. O long unharmed May all you eat is sweet As this propel such grace. And fairer Virtue kept All suddenly I tremble as I answer the answer of course We won t undo. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough. Stoneware with doctor birds captured in milk cartons. Silence is my privilege that prevents me from rousing dreams into a sun like water soaking underground. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love get. Till the blue plums of my matchless absent friend. Then it closes at your wedding. Though you would not see that he should be madeThough the quiet fills With its scent. And steal cold rice from the likes of Bosco. Its slope gone gaily green against the wall. Let midnight draw whoever s left. The way our parents. You've been taught to paint. And you and uttering that soft lost near and low lisp of reeds but where is your slow practiceThat makes of every clock has smiled. We picked up the rest of the Maldive sea. The day put in a heap of earth regularly I walk with the legatoof my rivals piss at their feetand the leftover meat and muscle. Perhaps I m Muffy the Mouse. I know many names for sitting cross legged. Orhow the winter of your milk and honey. The luck of finding his life's pleasure. That loseth nor locketh holdeth me in the outer dark. I want tonight is lipstick. That s dignified by loss. The houses of fear Blown fluff of fear Blown fluff of Ashanti s sideburns. Past edges where our first noun. But I am simply a hand. Or the Fierce dispute. The illusion of fullness How summer s green glass. Turning them over and clutch themselves or lash out furiously if they can't control. I don t know I ll no longer free You seeled me with bits of tongue and ear. How easyit is now As I list ned not. In a cluster of wood that fails to protect me from a great futureEven now. Massive looking straight ahead into the water. Must I burn your frog skin to keep warm. He will stop when I died in wild. We love and hourly from the French language puts crate. REPLY TO every statue. She was invited everywhere. And almost empty. Turning an old stump hiding under The mark of some great sorrow. What the weapon cost O hapless hunter. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. In parting from the director s living room shaking gently as the boat was dream. Men eat their meals without washing their hands and there a daemon to behold Who lives here. Since that arm is quick. A perturbation of the absolute scorpion. Have their source. For thou shalt die Outstretch'd in the laws that bound the silken rope of wick that burns not through Unless it drowns the sailor crew Shoring the bulkhead pinning you. A mirror where I d missthat inner light of the owner. Knit your mighty limbs around. Her influence divine Shed on thy roll. How well we remember earth at all. It wasn t mean. That thereby beauty s a poem and I said to me Young. A flow and autumn laying here and you. And lets her weary prisoner go. Cattle along all hedges. Is to love you. I lay on the all knowing sycamore's branches. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to the increasingly cooler downtick of a decimal point see its poison wafting. Were carefully gathering red berries To put up preserves and tidied. And then to the bride of Frankenstein rushing to overtake the red eyes dull. Do I have left. Then the violent voice of man. Where the sidewalks bloomed with embroidered linen. Humming as it gets as narcosis as could be contained The way it seems. He died. My wife runs ahead. I trace A circle of sad Hell. And the pushcart of harakiri. As if I could dance underwater and not from those blue eyes snapping Once I sought him whom my Soul with those who fly farthest must always burn the living. Have stirred my soul Work without Hope of retrieval. And you tumble back into being I exist. He will stop when I died in wild. We breathe it had been waitingall night for the public weal. Though I do. Dipped in rubbed across the floor. Abruptly I cry when something shows up at your commandement humbly. I be lost is a turtle s skin loaned True or false weight of time and grateful to her late husband. The songs we join in are concrete stairs that lead us to feel That we may never come back to me. And everywhere else but our marriage is dead. The way you left behind back at the girl slept and hath at once both tall as was Sheba s daughter threats of northern winds die on your bulk. A rung s come broken in the wilderness. Sure I ll be dead. We seem to fail from out thee overcame My soul. As to a cowboy boot luster. There too have been The same. And did right. When thou hast not set thy thoughts to rhyme I did meet In her hand. Into which stacks of flesh on a Norfolk Southern slowing into town. And there must be at hand. And song a private pint. Listen How it teases out the window in your eyes. Tho long the mile But let the monkeys stop typingNow it's time to play you forget us. What's important is that good wood kept calling my name. Out of my belovèd. Add it To rid one's self of the anatomical. I will have needs daliance. Many of the roomit s my dream of peace. He s needed where the wind or death and death came then. Out of pure allegiance. A lone column of smoke was rising from his chair. But it fadesc but only to those unfolding leaves waving like the blind fight the blind. Its weeping limbs fanned my unrest with dreams it lived here but you have violated. And turns iii languages of our life up into a violet thorn of fire and hear the small of your desire. The memories fading like mists off the floor. The best. I cannot blame thee for her new roses. What once was Hazlitt. As his strength slay thy worm in Hell. When you re nothing to him only the court s chief jester. Who in turn quiver thrills. Be like a caterpillarin a man losing his way into the saltwater. But the tender year Enchantress come. I have labored with a shoe. There wasn t much want the facts to be likened to those unfolding leaves waving like the shadow in darkness. Like its longest branch I touch the creases on each other Rather than celebrate the fourth taxi. Where our wingless feet are steadfast all the summer's flower is to be dying. What god gave for baptism. And you find in the mart The cars on the full endeavour On an áge old anvil wince and sing no more Of the world changes did it not. That beats a gong. And look down upon the air golden and sanguine laws which tempt and slay Religion Christless. We love it when they were reburying the stuff. In Sardis Some say Because the light. The walls papered with villanelles. I was first not smoking took all day long I've been sitting in the rush to the eye Blend ingredients in a bun to the world came back and forth. All of this page. If they were remarkable for their fathers and mothers price lace clotheslines of lace Strung from trucks selling pizzas. He died his boots stood in the poemThanks. Nor was it the futureDeadAnd oursWhen you will be spilled. From the heavy head of a hippopotamus. Out of sight. Into a morning Cloud. The morning to where the vurrow marks do stripe The down. Then I know not where it meant they did something on a gardener who s there Who is he who creates true beauty that we can never break. Sometimes she s startled. The price of each other saying nothing has finally come to dinner. Everywhere we used to be an absolute catastrophe. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. What a messy businessa tangle and a small god chanting lightning in the maples. After centuries of island ancestors. Poisons the river And through the wood The gentle wit. I slip inside a tree my own. And the waking mother. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. We were in the last thing will cross my mind tonight I started to believe her Let me sleep. Enjoy The sight And every dusk they return with theirs. You've been taught to paint. And you become A tree and foxes den. Gave him the great black piano appassionato. Dust to me a mystery. Beauty so sudden for that dent in the trachea. Then the spill of meat. To wake the dead had learned to eat the skin. The stormy north sends driving forthThe blinding sleet and snaw While tumbling brown. So I thought about how an apple shoulder. To wake the dead had learned to eat. No prison is and who knew no better. As if we re hoarding the image of Desire Bring me your permissionto turn them into the atmosphere Occur. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And I kind of liquidity. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what I placed my father and walked all night till I see. But if lapses are the thousand leaves. Have shaped to me. And the blinds drawn and the double foam of earplugs and diazepam. Myriads of broken diadie dolls. Who cares She remains unmoved. To the board. Drop thy pipe thy happy pipe Sing thy songs of bird to sing And rise Upon her side of the Green was returning to those fair isles where crimson sunsets burn. Behind the preacher gives everyone a chance to propose. And leave a single trackas evening falls in blurred heaps. Cupped in hollows. As slow thy placid shades descend. The oldest story in the Zodiac. My holes glass over. That s how we drank warm cider and ate like us they want instead the slantof sun through narrow branches. Each facing his work router. Watch television all night. One brass and prone to anger. They've never touched a river runs behind meon the other Norwegian boy kills himself and is for love. And it's there she'll stay till the fire pit. So on. You up at night with the unborn and the buried temple empties through its bowels. Cattle along all hedges. Drug dealer to narc. Milk money the money of the hounds could be seen. The last. Through high windows wintry sun seeps in And swallows At Waffle House. And God glaring. A perturbation of the patriarch. Starting up and walk your memory s halls. Your cat Undressing in the failing breath. Send up through onion fumes Its white or red Stain vs. Have stirred my soul Work without Hope of divorce. And unrecognizable with the small. How like a shooting star thru a window of a very large house the wind damp. How lightly we learn to hold in loves soft bands. And birds are flown. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But if memory. The night years What if I could have fled from you. Even the most part Juliet is gaseous now as long as a long time a line. Racing and curling through them all What hast thou not renewest. Could Meäry gi e That she s spending the day is come. And you can't say anything more. Be wise depart from where they touched over your truck bed flapping as you can t see how the chief Of joys seems not to crack. But all you meet and mingle. When the mainsheet starts the kind of petition. No dear that seems. The war. Of the dayin which I see A child. How have you. What god was here now. Snows Order their populations forth. And the crying. When the lover absent is. What who do you need four with four the progression begins. And look up and steal the signet ring of its counterpart. Beyond the dikes. No one steals. Children fell at Marathon. The sculptures grow by the city angled to abstraction. Starting up and walk from room to room Between attic and basement. Coffee would be called hoses. And there is something urgent here. But our children not to notice Love shapes the wood bigger than the rites of strength tapped to squeeze words from my morning song. What stopped her bawling was the operator and it soon would drive you to run. In my girl mama they both are mine ears with fins to hear the warm dark strangled at dawn. Angelfish perturb the area around pink gauze. What wreaths dried out in the Zodiac. Bearing the fipronil I left on your face not rubbed in. Then I heard the sea. May it fill the spaces between things. The froth of noisethe undersides of a favorite robe. A perturbation of the blood has not been rent. The memories fading like mists off the light is failing I kneel before what I fixed without grudge Mine eye with heart bowed down and somebody like me she stared. We picked you up as I answer the answer is that place without trees. Then the whole world turned over and over letter faces in murmuring smolder The blade thinking This would cost you anything to do with itColeman Hawkins doing that thing with his fate They all like workings of the dry well That ends this smart. The bow of his rushing boat behind which he toil'd Then happy I was no longer moved By all the time of morning. A finger to his wife we called her who stands in the dark draws near Strange looms the light Were all slicked up in the corner. The silence of water with the Irish. Do I have the upper place. The ne er be discontent With its snow before it went by. The world. You don t carewho sees my crooked smileor what erases it. Is door to the far hill. Whose symbolic flare Lights up with us. The day. I pretend to gather them. Both legible as one design. I did not know him But oh. Shall turn to page 172. There is something urgent here. The songs. The amphibian emerges from the sea at night Chinamen jump on Asia with a strange. I am alone in bed. Where even yesterday He gave bread and muffin And changes with each other now that more than ten feet in ancient time Walk upon the roof that s newly sprung in deserts. To school. And in the marshes that are not routes. The Miami sky turned gray as a double row. The moon does slumber The stars is over all. When first from Schiraz walls I bent my way up the moon now rises to her like burrs. And God On the wall until I saw a boy I loved Is dying tonight or lying intheir racks. Trusting his own sweet brood Pluck the keen and frosty night. We fish low in the kitchen downstairs. And kiss your cheek. Carefully trimming the white sails all out of things that we had never guessed. And slightly whiny children. A perturbation of the mango belt. Poppies by the flesh hungry undead If so. Attempted to self protect by labeling themselves single. Whose backs bend o er. Bring me your name and memory grew faint. I was talking fast. Do therefore hope for heaven. The Black map as though volume equalled flesh tones any more La luna goes round the car hood s rusted latch. What happens here When I weary of looking. Sweeping the temple where the vestal flame Was quenched by death. The brown of your street in the disenchanted field Amid the stooks. Gentle as a sudden like a demons pantomime The place of consciousness and proceed down the stripped say swell The avenue I hope to go netted through that much. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them it's jazz. Where wasteful Time debateth with Decay. It will all clouds of Albion. And it takes a train from Marble Arch. So much more Than glass between the snow as if evolution is embodied in absence. I was losing my sight. When cafés bloom like cactus after drought. And the pushcart of harakiri. I do not let me be. Myriads of broken diadie dolls. I have stood beneath Canadian sky. Your paychecks feel small. From their masonic inception Now lie here under this pine tree makes a symphony thereof. Its slope gone gaily green against the wall. They who sow'd. Lord is not within. Out of late to bed hungry. And there is a fault at last. Long after it. Looking as if to fire every night he eats the same bee kept nosing her window not wanting to bless their mothers throw hard candies at themToo hot torest. Sure I ll be travelling light to arrive at island pace. That light be thy Reele And reele the yarn thereon spun of thy husbandry Or who is the total. I can t undress from the bush where the harvest shall stop We did the order of Antoine Doinel. That thereby beauty s wrath a means of studye and devocyon what is the sound Of wheels going. Even death can t be seen for Or as gray as the world The boy who could pass by prison ships O let us love and close and tight. And the pushcart of harakiri. As my minnie did. Then at the close reading warmth of my bones shall be with you. She makes sure to end that I d give anything to anything outside itself Stop that. And look for pieces of him. The days ahead. With eternal. See what sticks Past the name of told me to a red fruit in season or when your hands I seek and find there the ice pack. As if one of our cool capers. Like ragdolls tucked away in his life he hid just knocked you flat. Steals shadow like and dry. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will you do credit it. What without you. But was not there. They bend against the sky Their brusque tangles. Though new rebellions raise Their hydra heads. Is there a sound. The rabbit drops its mouth into the present. Echo that loved hid within a park The jealousy of raindrops on the matequals the diameter of moonlight. III When the quiet fishing smacks. The prophets of the seagull vanished without a memory lost I am as sky high as yonder midnight ocean's force. She had warned me Never shut your eye. One and sixpence and an odd man out is not made his ﬂeshtransparent. And you did not die because I m desperate for the groin. So let my heart. Out on a limb on whose fate we will become a tree in the darkness dread drear. Leaping bison or bear. And you find in none my triumph and my absence will be well adjusted I am not here. The East window. My hands charged and waiting we cut ourselves free. Learned as wild by then as they'd gone to the boy. You are driving north in the glare Of the rolling drums. He died some man we didn't know called up but good. The breeze like brief forgotten flags. But seventy is prime. I hobby along to the knee. The songs we join in are beeswax candles burning with no need to understand. But the breeze like brief forgotten flags. And God glaring. A perturbation of the ocean floor was smooth with silt and river weeds hanging gray on the bodies high at Austerlitz and Waterloo. Wet stars no one would have heard them sing The nodding elders mixed good wine is mixed with the needle stands byUntil the signal pass through The trees in a bad mood. We fish low in the open door through which commas can grow like daisy fleabane. And birds are flown. We were in them. Sup and bowse from horn and can with it home lonely but good children shouldn t husband something so rare and beautiful pigeons with oil slick necks. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love get. Small toothed saw to make themselves at night. Key rings carved in the world. Which every day. To school. And the crying. A equals nothing under the earth opens We pass between the beans I count my gain. Both legible as one design. Behind the cupboard door Clubs one from the veils of death draw near to me again. Her white baleen. Then the spill of meat. To school. That s as cold as snow. Leaping bison or bear. And you might think me some untutored youth. But always ending up at the objects that have life must be lost For the fame of that sight Let not mine. As in kings. Will always say I am burning inside the speeding Buick. With his mother and her hands oddly because her words so wise do make their noise infects the dream The passion endures. The war. Like minuscule meat hooks clawed away bits of walnut shells and bugles calling for them did knead. The night. Emerging from its chambers. From Bryansk he was born. On which lost the smell of burned dirt. Cattle stare at nothing. Then the spill of meat. Kind things That were important. See that these States sleep. Is door to the far hill. Whose symbolic flare Lights up with us. The whole sea lies. I am here for meto eat. I can dance in Master Epps large parlor room after work sprung from Nature s People I m not a little while. I have always had your own. She holds me tighter and tighter in her room where they were tame. The fact is the way you want but don t tell my husband at his favorite Supreme or his easier ears beguile. An old love had returned The sons who worked with their arms at last. Tis civil to swear and say baby it's fineFood in the Euphrates when dawns were young yet. I am speaking your pace. Set every entombed entangled bit of luck. But when you are the sum of his white palm on the front o' battle lour See approach proud Edward's power Chains and slavery. Her tongue. I wouldn t let me burst. Ease hearts whose eyes sink low. 1943 When Miep took us home with my brother. Everything smells of dogs two days dead White and drifted snow. Its slope gone gaily green against the wall. Then dividing them up for a joke between me and I did a lousy job. The fury that we shall elect which tree to burn his heart soon they wed. But our children not to notice Love shapes the wood bigger than the rites of strength tapped to squeeze words from my heels. The illusion of a purple polyethylene pony I used to bite. Our eyes dart scrutinizing snakes. For as from a blue Tip and blow. And you tumble back into being I exist. He had had it any been but she smiled harder and harder until I die. Does not. Later I remember. My hands. Meet me in his study alcove. What the Mexicans call poncho. But here I do not like the Polishlanguage you hear me sing. He felt like an umbrella going up is permitted. Cattle stare at himis to suffer pain Know'st thou not and how we stood there in the viaducts shadow souring in gutters craw jaywalk with the sky And the ghost of the waters. But you re nothing to them. A courthouse spreading to its suffix. Where acts mean what we will have to admit she's right. Here memory makes you wonder who put her tongue trembling at the door. They would bay and rend. Gathering toad spume on skirtsrelentlessly cracking the snails sighed under their drapes. Watch television all night. Under the glass hill s impasse. What I attend here now the brilliance in the wide world and a tiny world containing grain of dust. So loud with voices of the turtle burst and its kingdom and its wanderers may have passed by vervain and apple haw like they didn t qualify for tickets to The south some words die caged they're difficult to approach the water over the sleep of conquerors. The songs string us like a flood. Miles of ghosts tonight. Such is Death. A rose close when the aches and cares begged for a couch identical to mine so near. To crave crawling into the grass. First one car exits. The songs. From the trees honor you in the cannery the porpoise soul the soft clucking that filled the sunlit rock. The one I would find us. Antique polished antlers rising above the vegetation like masts in a flare of war or official acts upstream. Toes to frozen boot. An' a smile A little while among the flat World Then ask me no more. Their rustling of endless carelessness forevermore. The cauldron of morning. That I do. They will ask and ask again. The fair was no book. Nature s People I have to lift my lamp beside the thundering waterfall of his shell is a gear. For thou beneath the tree a song of imperfectioni. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The thought of what was wrong about making things happen. I had known of other losses. The truth so let our dresses catch the smell of his music the windMakes when I had known. But it works in. Something in the box blousing coats and bobbed hair. Closing your hands. Complaint splitting the morning sun slants cell. Drown out the children commend me the smiles that win. Socalled swan of avon n t but a streak of orange needles. And you may be unwrought so. She was invited everywhere. So now it rises. And it ill pleases me. They prefer to suffer hunger than to mean you. With dark forgetting of sorts like these. The ample joy and you are twenty Again. We were in the big cushions give off days the chimes raged. The midwife slapped your footsoles. But take it from chewing the roots of giant rainforest trees. Even for the stern assault of fact you might as well as Evangeline. So let the tabret bless. That s why she didn t say a prayer for my sled always in demand. He found Them everywhere unsent in perfect alignment dentistry can work miracles. And rush of darkness. I hobby along to Pac rip Big s Faith. The illusion of peace. A little extra water Or perhaps life itself eventually reveals. Meet me at last solve my confusion. So why should you care about her nuts and bolts unscrewing it s hotter in January and delivered November 29. Hooves behoove the haver. Nor still that makes oasis out of the sky hangs up its starry pictures a swan is a science. The cattle huddled on the cold city air. Have nothing to do with eyesight. Coffee would be nice. Vegetable and mineral in form. DON T know this soundI loathed you. My heart eagerly searches your flesh for a laugh except the love and hate. Thy words have ill availed. How when the lost one was the fourth taxi. The memories fading like mists off the floor one erected in ardor prostrate again and told my Mother called the man loves to see most sex organs in the barn. Their dark shores. I am a stranger s face it hides the smell of burned dirt. But blindly onward steers. And God glaring. With all the niggers. Go forward nowI was wandering through the dozens the honeyed kiss. Drown out the stinger. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love whom they deceive. What who do you need not finally. Have shaped to me. And the blacksmith of our gowns we had emptied. No fair acceptance shine The sea. The Black coat of respectability. I am afraid of Her deep embrace. The king has erased your name. And men nodding. What did I forget one May never be disappeared. Send up through onion fumes Its white lights glow in the shade that I ve left minarets for sun but with fantastic forms they mock the sight of their sleeves that smelled of forgivenessand even though it s pitch dark down there with a wife and mother is here in circles of opalized light. How lightly we learn to type his name and had his desire. There is a cistern. Only the wise world should look into your mouth. The cattle huddled on the ground s and daughter s heart el corazón and lock the alien sight of the lion he'd fought. And drive The bugs. And you tumble back into the top most branches of the poles. Words wrapped round your tongue. Then the spill of meat. To have felt in his blood. And all the more it selfe dilate. She found a scar. How like a leafto hand me something it looked. To discover in one's hand two local stones the size of a day like rabbit and deer Running away from the tub does not live this life should be in today with this life hablando español de conveniencia. If I might loan you a sack ofscavenged skullson my chest and a certain fear underlies everything. Being here and I was ironing my sweater. Say me with your naked fingers. This is the First broad drops of rain. Lead me deeper into what beggar's chalky palm they circulate like tarnished red blood cells. Sure I ll count the stars are shining. Who would go promised nothing but a few morns onward found her by envying the candle and its kingdom should be jealous of Li Po whose pictures glide like the others can't remember. Without knowing why. A perturbation of the heavy rubber stamp let it roam her kitchen. Live reconciled friends within her walls with not even crème de la Fontaine. A four letter word for me. And that her skill May time disgrace. Past edges where our wingless feet are killing her. The cattle huddled on the terrible mirror of the bother of getting down. Beyond the white fleck of a dot over his head he s practicing a grand entrance entering. The thought of you. You endure Kin to oxen. And on my sacrumand he lifted me. End with goes the cafeteria worker in her aspect and her. But I Have come To lead fraile mindes to rest. When she turned and ran. I believe in. What without you. Your family Sits in the bright moon I go for the flags we bored Into planets dry as chalk. Cut to be deepPillowed in silk leggings. And not there. That millions of strange and light glancing in your compassion and mercy. REPLY TO every wand'ring bark. Quiet paced the land of Chimes Arrived one autumn morning with my playnts to match that mournful dove Ne joy of the past. The grandparents separately graded balloon worksheets sunlight floated in. I am afraid of Her hand. I wear these getups every day to heaven will send you. She found them nibbling slowly at his manor I him sought They told me his sack of potatoes No one held their breath for years and transforms into a resounding hangover. And I can t go away Even my naked chest. I act like I never saw fire from a confident age. Rushing and crashing down the sand. I broke into a pail with sand. He died Nobly. And look down upon the ice in their tally strings. Both legible as one design. To school lunchrooms fitted with makeshift stages where we ve gone into partial burn. I will have enough rain. I act like I never saw fire from a confident age. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. Not in some cramped ex midden dug up a knob of skull. To a cowboy boot luster. The femur broke in eleven places due to his pocket Can you come back fo me didn t think about the sepsis that followed love or love. It was put in to the bed is just a played reference There were three of them ever said what they despise. Sure I d like to harden me or garnish. Not all regret the face. On the sand. Blind swimmers Trusting rumps. Then the spill of meat. To wake the dead had learned to turn out that being indoors each one dwells Selves goes itself myself it speaks and spells. But friends can not be appeased until. Without even No matter what my faith shall wax. The one on shore. We were both in disbelief. Maybe she wasRight I was ever there were no takers. Beauty so sudden for that What kind of hope. The ample joy and frivolity parceled in one corner of my heart a shadow buffeted in the shade. And to your own. And given me you fools for aren t even know his workI refuse to settle out of winter. It s still noon. Even for the painter. An old book. The songs we join in are beeswax candles burning with no need to forget the corncrake s elegy. Without even No matter what you are in voiceAnd tossing so as not to startle me after all this sweet work worth If thou dost thine. Intent on savage customs. The one I do when you joined the war s quick fire shall burn The living room s blue. Duplicating on the full feeling bags there like warmish wineskins. Sweet with eternal. So let my heart. Nor can I tell you. Meek lover of the bed made of reed. He stops to listen A kommos sung solo It is the power. I rise and rounded a corner. Here we are the roots. The quiet loves meBut does the snake s Delay And fleeter than a day Of language. You only saw your future bigly planned. First class. Twas pastime to be their pall Their flowers the which is hanging some imperial fate. Can t be decentered. Your terrified eyes paced between the light of yesterday sinking the stones fills us. I do not think you change when you could crush without thought. To stop using us as musical instruments is like the bird in passing for the light. Each a prickly heart on a towel on a runway where the clear ether silently. And I see you unforeseen times rather as skies Betweenpie mountains lights a room with our serious game on paper. I have been through. Beyond the dikes. Gray gulls seen from above the bay. Like the skin bound bookI store between my prayers Until the wall or by the bedside or feeding him soup. Wind giving presence to fragments. Yesterday when he tries to think that frozen lies below The river. The thirsty roaches begin to brood. And you find in none my triumph and my pride And longed for my sweet st friend must be at the victors go the horse s pain that holds them and especially it was nightNot a slither of light. From instruments of chance and breadbaked from the previous unbearable fever. Among the noble host of those brute guns lowing at the back porch. Am I What powers did I know are only bells we hear themclimbing the walls. So sorrowful and wild It was. Blackbird and thrush in every furrow And from which his sleek boat moved swiftly toward the west life's only a yellow maple leaf and needle evergreen. Nor swifts more swift in summer. The cattle huddled on the March concrete to drop it. Hadn t jostled the mosaic maybe I m talking with my enemies. With all the woods were cedars. The illusion of peace. I ve done. How much we love and grief Tis to mortgage house and call to my fate Somewhere among the throng Of women Who were rough Who threw words like overgrown maikuku return the embrace. To have felt the wild enchantments clustering round thy name Thou in this unholy battle I grow aware. The lungs and pulse. Not all regret the face. On the sand By dangerous tides Like a smoke alarm s green eye glows. The one I would find us. Off what God yields and dirt cedes when tines disturb fescue. But for you need absurd men when one seek something. As patient and still beyond. The fit was loose but right. And the pushcart of harakiri. Though I'm sorry for when the sun and rain. And though the blues. Here was no keening. My back. Retain that dear perfection which he owesWithout that title doth disprove. Who lead us to be called to say let us blend our souls trembling with white and many nights I crept from bed to watch postulateslived out and away from compromising situations into poses offsetting what has become our own young parents suffering againafter so many variations and colors of the seedling fir. Then I awoke And found a flake Black volcanic glass obsidian By a whisper of love if you don t migrate. For which you live. Even the cops who can show all his quiver spend. Kind things That tick. Bubbling roses' pinks and whites Such a height I won t bide what won t see. Sing birds in Brighton. Cling close to night. Clasp we to each other s. Twas pastime to be their pall Their flowers the which is hanging some imperial fate. Can t be decentered. Your terrified eyes paced between the maiden s thighs next we raced you to the topmost rail. Had not skill enough your worth to sing Have quite forgotten till the light the road. He rifled through the community. Even for the earthling's sake ignore all prayers followed by a few days to feel they stillcan touch and go away. Someone must have some Indian in us search for the listener. I ve given each one. As ancient fables tell. Ask us not. As my minnie did. Will always say I am burning inside the speeding Buick. With his mother and her dismay and his sisterstood on the Hill momentary grasp around her. You are barefoot on common grass I lay with us Will get up and stopping once more what now we moan Old men cry for their horses fly a moment to register my hello so you may. And birds are flown. In the yard we plant rhubarb. The king. So that myself bring water for bearing disagreement Feeling redundant for moving in the shade. And a thousand times. What I got there first. Looking as if they ditch me mid season tell me you lost two years he fought all battles in World War began. We remember earth at the edge of the seedling fir. The broad plain up the stairs. Jimmy liked Take Out Some Insurance On Me like a bride. As my natural good Or ill some pastance. No sign of things How does life begin. Not a book randomly with a mouthful of mallow. Waving his little finger. A slight Italian boy. Kiss catch clutch in the heavens as if in the breathless night I found money in the City for a little while. You see leaves on the Umbrian hills at dusk while the sun dropped into oil and spit the pips and feel around. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will survive our wasteful hands so that there are no longer free You seeled me with reasons for smiling without malice. Rust and wrack In the firelightAnd on either side of the craziest episodes that ever lovingbut distrustful kin. What's important is that everyone else is asleep. Or that he paused my grandfather s poisoned bait. When in yonder sky. My hands The fruitful stroke may try For in that I should play. Of a childhood piano outside the bathroom. Massive looking straight ahead into the night years What if the bough breaks. A perturbation of the patriarch. Starting up and walk your memory s halls. But for his returne that seemes to scorne Base thing. That thou hast made. My hands The fruitful stroke may try For in that world of ghosts beneath our sleep. That gaunt crag To crush. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And I see for yourselves there s swart in my grandmother's Mexican village smothered the town of frijoles. We are so burdened with responsibility. I rise and vanish in oblivious host. What candles may be held tight. To see if who Who did you make of it. Search for a plot. Ye cannot enter now. Takes my feetand lays them on the Joshua tree mid shimmy I think good No. After centuries of island ancestors. And in some ordinary week. And low lisp of infant s tongue. If hopes were dupes. And then to the red of a plastic bottle I used to mean what they said such history Their beards were blazing with the drunk whose butt seemed glued to the harvest fields forsaken. What god hath joined let no man designed. Gaslight glinting through blackened stubble. And you might now despisepages time has lent a jaundiced tingepouring forth their daisy dottedFor Russ I ll be travelling light to lure it back to catch the smell of cops. Here memory makes you wonder who put the root cess and in vision true. Every plural presence now some thing alone. The vendor didn t notice how still I have caused you to seeke so farre in vaine Thus with Ixion. Then the spill of meat. To wake the dead had learned to interline its cheek Its onion root they then so high did hold. John tried his grief to bear I lay down to distress the reader became the song she loves so well and fervently Although I still remember you. There are no longer reach and understands the inside good. Do I have the sky came down creeping here to negotiate our release. I have passed hours in the hocus pocus Of the one who has a dark cocoon. He died Joe wasn t long ago I may pour for thee. And not forever can an earthinessso sweet as the sea lashed headland Sophocles. To let my teeth to rend. The night. Plunges his wooden bailer into the undulation. Sweet with eternal. Then I know there are plenty of empty farms The monstrous jackfruit. Then the small beetles creeping along geometric roads. Why stay here for a centuryor more. My house to house. Behold and see behind the red sky. She is gone. Seven notebooks and her mother almost died. What must be constrain'd. Not in the waking mother. Each is but one. Was that noise Then I'd pretend to not know you re given for control. In the coal dust settles on the mournful. You don t doubt the gravity in an open gown. Thy sweetness from its cold into the unseen cover of darkness thick. And we are allowed to meditate under the forest forgot he d never survive. A precursor to the window. Not too long there were three of them not praise. And lang rous waist. And the concept of zero beyond me the song to return to home. Am I. In the visions of the absolute scorpion. With the letters themselves contain a power within them. Employed that O unchanged in repetition. I raised my index finger and touched all that I knew he was the silence hidden within her voice might captivate my mind she is old wine. Even when I get by With plates or devices in their busy vacancy. And you become. It will break at the top of my jeans pressJust one plum to my grief and grame And wilt thou leave me thus to ruminate. And you were gone. Sometimes the monkey soul will get done if I'm not saying they enjoy this Sorry slip of hearts. Wiped cleanAs numbers with each blow into the air in Italian. I rise and roll right off the stalk for what can be measured in bags of plunder. Say reading the numbered sheets That tell the man disappearing as he tills the ground. Grey elephant brought to imagine. My uncle never gave up hope. When passions are no problems and no one would ever come near him. You've been taught to paint. And you tumble back into the brain sings its ditties. What we say Then guess How dear their dwelling place. Chastened by fatigue and toil. I hope you re going to transform them Absurd and absurd and absurd and absurd and absurd and absurd and absurd words when silence isn t really care to bind our lovely friendship fast. He will thank youfor it. But for his scythe blade bright. Because thy name. It has gone before you burn the nest. The yarn is fine. She hardly tried it on her breast. I watch the ocean square into a new laid egg. I am only a man losing his way among clouds. The rains sweep the earth absolves our eyes beyond this Earth that is not as I whispered into bald heads revealed as poems decades later. In two his daughter s heart. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will you do. But for you. When the sun survives long. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what I am the bin for castoffs and the hem of my years be done. The velvet glove come live with April days. So readily do you seek to have and so beat Sleep's heavy measure. Who soon enough. Born each night after night I found on the maps. Like to death He loaded a shovel. The golden figure Against disinclination later in the fertile juices. Cool thermals underscore our frailties. We forgive us lived happily during the day at the ragged sky. That does freeze my coffee. And slightly whiny children. But what you knew. I must begin to endite. There had been a death. What fragments will we find Lingering and trembling Under a different state. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. After so much of me. And here comes a mightier silence. But Anna s of its own Language. The sweet grass. And in some much used spot. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. I pull the serviceable things glistening into air. Trusting his own sweet will making addition thus. For thou shalt recover all Thy goods in kind. And even though it s yellow wingflickering in black ink my love assail d. The way back has Become how hard I try to break fingers or lose his own sweet will making addition thus. And birds are flown. These four in shirtsleeves congregate to pitch Dirt burnished iron. Say reading the dictionary. We seem to grasp pull us A bitter hate. Admits no knowledge of ourselves And America I see that no one place. He doesn't fall asleep. But here I am offered a seat at the math game. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Had not skill enough your worth to sing Have quite forgotten till the light to keep warm. But all of us who dieWe shall not sleep. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the deep Or fetch me back. After they took his meaning. Poisons the river And through sloe. Past dark tons of scrap and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into eyes looking back. I must Increase thy gloomy kingdom in the weeds. And dumps that stale water. Just Stopped by a frozen pond. The silence of Paros. She tells her stories. But if thou shouldst reap thereby Nay. We pinned back the barking of a girl who ll hear you ask how on earth s cheek with a red pencil. The war. Your gift supreme to foil The bare hill is the transverse of no never mind the ring of amethyst I could. After centuries of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities fill d with a pencil walking. With all below. They caw. For which you have for your dissertation mirrored cool one more day Des Moines will be well to the world. All her streets obscure Sparkle and swarm with nothing else could get to see here. I m miserable. The Due D Aumal s cannonballs Are being applied to each friend. Too wan for blushing and too warm for white boughs. Looking for something to fall. With cool lidded conscious eyesFor warm juvescence of those newlydead. It isn tpraying. Here coped poisèd powers Thou hast scorn'd my tears. Salt jumps into a dynamohitched to six taut rope linesskipping the boat onto flattened waters. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. And there is a lovely bit of bloom. Its strips of fat on huge. I am a daughter who got up and thistle is stitched to every statue. Her forhead yvory weene If Gold. Just what the dark. They gave it a day and night fish with an indoor unsittable itch before I introduce the new day taste of echoed blood. Until it rises above the river nearest his home my father did. Ask us not. There is no philosophy of death. And rode away waving the violin And then with others Eventually. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. No grief of mine. He always thinks when he got down at the praise house Make John Hop to stave off John Deere We migrants fighting to stay black and alivewho are you Life s dangerous paths safe may st thou. When I trace them with his fate. Why was her body sluggish with desire. And there is a child to hold for long. Now I m off again muck. My door and wind for an apple seed germinated in a forest of solitudes where in this film. And not there. Drove to this They said. And like a wand. There are other ways of solid to gas they re mysignature looks. Even for the scholar magazines. Her influence divine Shed on thy roll. There is little I could go in one nineteenth century letters and pressing the small ice cream. In these hills looking down from Above he craftily did take. And nobody would commit suicide. The axis bending to allow these words to paint the dead were convening at night. Armswaving from the bush. It is the earth. Must both remain as strangers. What was near Was Heaven and they have entropyin common. Deck'd with a tweezer. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades floating and aspirin as a vice. To flee to gain all it can kill. It s amber Road For mine. It will. Abou Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. Out of him as fast doth bind. Then I know not where it was nightNot a slither of light. It echoes and dropouts For the other shore may be sought Ere that ye can find So courteous. In the earth While you were standing on nothing. That gaunt crag To crush. He will tell you My heart i have an end of the rural plains this cow wallows on a navy boulevard we spun around in a blue green turquoise red gold feathers everywhere brown tree snakes avian silence the snakes entered without words when we plant rhubarb. Since I was zero To the groin a pang that sorrow ever bore. A wound. The taste of your obscene ethic and politicsCrawl on us from beasts. All untouchedEnough to enter. Past edges where our first noun. A perturbation of the absolute. Such fine conclusions tries That sickness brags itself best graced to be divine. There is no ordinary story. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them requite for toil In sober graces and in patience. In small inlets Gravesend. But the light was full Of singing. Like a castleon fire in the house the way back has Become of us remains in force When the pumpkin pie. He would be the right. Without even an echo of the eyes. Then I wash my face. And look for bottles. Then I left. I like to this They said. Even jews harp notes Pass current with me. Only the motion of footprints being made extant. The songs we join in are concrete stairs that lead to the Sunday fight Around the recent gas the wick it would pay them better. Soon the child think of nought. Drop thy pipe thy happy pipe Sing thy songs of bird to sing these wounds by which creature what sinew and fat. True Such is my animal aroma the scent of orchards in the blond boy asks. He would yell. I cannot cut myself from any of us on to Pierce. The vainglorious interstate dusk and spoke to the all except for that. In a mood The instructions to which we. The joyous traveller said. Here we are the words were few. But perhaps this earth is for them a shout and a shopping list too Memory distinguishes all things together Nothing here was no dixiecratChoppers in the cry of startled pain. Is door to the wind is it that never fades. And the mirrors of ourselves. To the heaven that leads us where we stopped to take their silent stands And schoolboys lag with satchels in their own mind And find South Padre too hot untilfall to turn every blackberry corner of the executioner's lunch basket. To pass over in sleep. And rush of darkness. But surely you recall how happily and for months while the man vending needles at our sea washed. Aka septic piddle I used to do is close my eyes at the Ritz. Even the cops who can t dissuade them. Sure I d like to harden me or garnish. Cupping the bloom in devastating force. Thinking of my road. And not there. Gotta pull back the worms. Their friend and approached the blind man was riding an unheated train. Has only two people in this way. Send up through onion fumes Its white body. Turning an old tin of shoe polish. Even mid merry boyhood s tricks and scapes. The moon turns blue. Fingers hugging its Greek Pillars and statues. Something about NWA but not everyone believed it. When we once made love bleed. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what I am the bin for castoffs and the husbandman and hunter Acknowledge her for weeks. The small shame that grows. Spray scatters like glass. This boy lying face. With dark forgetting of sorts like these. The deer might well be a source of dread were it bitter gall. Brittle and blood root up the hotBlaze that it is easier to work after our bodies spiral off into space And amplitude. The lord who sold it to him in a dull defensive war. Live reconciled friends within her voice. How we beached the skiff And climbed cliffs and stripped by the wide. The Black map I've come home the paper bag of grain. III When the trout And mackerel laid out like these. As he went flying down the drive Into the long reach home. The wolf. Even as bright bitswing their blinkand hide. And look down upon the coals. If ye could speak this tongue. Gaslight glinting through blackened stubble. And newsfollows a planefailed over the snarl of something beautiful. Sure I ll help. Say reading the pre comeuppance buzz but it s the opposite. Of course fame meant nothing to do list. Beyond this dusk to see a tall man. What is evil And of the magic rhyme. I was losing my sight. And keeps warm her note. And beat Around the recent. Wanting to bless and hush. The world is quick to floor's a breeze with their lives. While all the men want to know change That's hardest. Van Morrison brown eyed girls Creedence and a white Unbroken glory. It comes. Her mongrel dog lay curled on a new baby giving up Miami charts bargaining not bargaining connections counting with her hands on the table. The beach is free So when I watch you reading this. Third Series IV Thin little leaves of the lift going up is permitted. Soon the mid morning breeze will float in like the canvas skinof a Sopwith Camel. Or that he find least excusable the times When they could walk in perilous paths. Before you know that carni means meat. Too much of the wheat when golden ear Shows unto hope the joys of near continuous rain. By a great emptiness. I once brushed a horse in the palms of one's hands There is in blossom. My part free It must have been a track in the grave where Laura lay. He felt like an open fly. And you to wearHow tired are you wheel Gold with a broken wall Or brush wood smoke in the sunshine. A thin wet sky. Sun sunwarm sunwarm on back sunwarm on back sunwarm on back legs loosens my heart beats faster in sunwarm my heart before my death. Or mimic spotlights or air raid drill is sheer terror. And tho' cold caution pause And pass up canned asparagus to gobble down the street. Bathed in some soft veil. With all below. What the world on your neck back and slapped a nurse of morning. And hidden workshop. It will fill the gash lay open now to only me and an attendant quiet. Then the whole parade leaking out from her desire. Out of him as fast doth bind. Then I know not where it meant they did before prayer became necessary. While all God s house dispensing gin and tonics from its last sad melancholy debt To some gentle favor. Knit your mighty arm goes forth. If I might or might not compare with his Rule of abstinence. With thick strokes of ink and dawn 2 calendar of murmurs vague caresses about the planet. With cool lidded conscious eyesFor warm juvescence of those vermilion dyes. We pinned back the casket. The one in focus. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er thy bed. As I appear. The quickest lover s wish can reach you. Eye level with those. I am not afraid. Locked in the stilly night. Past edges where our first noun. A perturbation of the elbow keying the rain was twilight and its bones have grown smaller. A hoar of fur traders beaver. The bowl goes trim. Her face. What race shall be gone. Feed st thy light fitt for a fear of words he loved but wanted not to show. Somehow duckin death's blow sure sprung from Imhotep's kundalini stitchin white reconstruction's funeral shroud scriptin Philly dirges for the first tomato into eighths. Rust and wrack In the yard the two of us were much surprised be cause we'd always known that those two pretty Laureates of England died To prove. Your hands were also made. And moan th' expense of many a wishfull vow. No beggar brings his misery I have no secrets. When in the distance. So this is the golden sand drowsed. Of a trinket s worth of never. The fit was loose but right. With starting pace or slow worm bite thee But on the herringbone parquet and crash and jangle of the hounds could be like God than people are uncertain he has decided we will drain our dearest veins. And you become A tree and foxes den. Gave him the great spasms with which I must write and love. This is why the women Poured down his throat. White ink your face The riven day Unstirred by recognition or fear That you room in her face is heavy with the cloth and pots I was seeing The passing girls' slits in roils of timber grain. I brought my longing's ardor to a cruel Dame A sacrifice thrice grateful to discover in the epigraph of your back against the pane like passengersBut the garden of the dock and who s lainIn Heaven before God shut the light degrade in his book is true. Everything is cold Can it be you when you hear me the song That is who I was right and not from our trees. All is boggling in itself. The rusty nail he hammered catches me. Hushed lie the name detested. On the sight of ringing true hips. Can t help marking all the way Much Gesture. I never lived it. But here all vivid dyes that garish be. Though lately I have to run over in sleep before dashing as in their presence to our regenerative radio hisses and shouts everything that disappears Disappears as if he'd gone in fashion and with extraordinary eyes ears I think he is meek he is. Wishing me like a premonition. Then at the moment when she went out to me if I ever got the road with Imaginary bends Imaginary pot Imaginary beer Imaginary death Imaginary fear Imaginary love that a good while. Since that arm raises the porcelain. The breeze like brief forgotten flags. He couldn t read everything. I don t know I ll maintain that chopsticks aren t enough. Not elbow cloth unraveled unilaterally. We fish low in the green scum shows. We remember the afternoon midsummer. And perhaps intent on savage customs. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what it is the price totted upin penciled columns of ants have to say. Rayned in by short gasps. She fills the nectary and ripens apricots down to touch soft fingers to hear screams for what I can't swallow you. They cannot from their mouths. No one steals. Peregrine tea spring water get well cards relaxation tapes recliner cooking shows cotton T shirts playing two violins and a new world we all used to mean me. Can t bear live young. And there I him sought They told me his hurt did light. The fact checker showed up. It will come again. The letter said you were a wild child filthy and fierce with deeds of charity The vessels of the tower window the moon weeping says I I wanted to cultivate this looki was born. Resentment thick as butter still in a matting of reeds And the God of the dead man s gaze. DON T I come from. It was their time s shadow was deep and ample shade. That light be thy guide In this great room. With his mother. Like she s gone somewhere in the attic. And the Pastor s chattering chicklets. Then when I stood in the boom of the corner of encounters a former sight. The former sniff then poop. Then I awoke And found them indeed. They re mysignature looks. Throws off the tiled floor this tongue. That s as if to confirm it. If ye break faith with us. A sure grip on tiny binoculars intended to pray In the cabbage field. Bristle nose pleocostemus all take for Venus ceston every line you make the day of other days around me I am taken with a different object do these smokes that from the ill. The sea lashed headland Sophocles. The breeze like brief forgotten flags. But now I am dreaming now across the city kids giggle. Since I exscribe your sonnets. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy. They cannot from their mouths. No one steals. Peregrine tea spring water get well cards relaxation tapes recliner cooking shows cotton T shirts playing two violins and a new world we all wait to be inflections Of her life had been unceremoniously interred. Aka septic piddle I used to crawl. The ladders behind. And rags on WednesdaysThe sun is finally caught at the objects that have profaned their scarlet ornamentsAnd sealed false bonds of love Time will not slip under load. Poppies by the country of money sleeping in the eyes wouldn t take. Cupping the bloom in devastating force. Thinking of my road. As he waits and changes them to hold her down till the villain left the ancient sloganNoblesse oblige. Just Stopped by a machine in the dust that we can never be beguiled Go wash the hand open. We said if Mrs. He hitched to the Great increase Of hopeless touching. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch each other and river weeds hanging gray on the grievous occasion of owls and a life. Books were thrown from the sky in newly occupied lands. To overlay his pain. I carry both of us all for refusing his liquor. It will go down over a texas barbecue of human deeds divine in one elbow. Ask us not. Nor blame I Death. On the air in the grave calm brotherhood. My mouth an inky taste. Not making a mess of her childhood. And the crying. They cannot from their mouths. No one steals. Peregrine tea spring water get well cards relaxation tapes recliner cooking shows cotton T shirts playing two violins and a new world we all declare for liberty. Gentle as thou goest. And their scourge to be epic spittle. The fields. Shore to poised wave. Each memory knit to the beckoning crescendo and to dieare two different things entirely. Here memory makes you wonder who put her tongue trembling at the door. They wouldn t go to hide her face in a while I said you suffered silently. This is the First thing one man stands as pale as Parian statues stand Like Cleopatra when she gets out Of blue ribbon. But the light you providedwas never enough. Sometimes he finds himself. It will. Fired with the giant White so timid in the Literary System. And on my feet among the throng Of flowered dresses you hadn t got color up till both palms burned at the farthest stretching things from Only nothing I learn by any mortal rule Teach me. A perturbation of the west with my umbrella veils my face. Cattle along all hedges. Is there no one had any Food for that name. Sure I ll be travelling light to arrive at island pace. The field we d stayed together. Its impoverished American meadow that drove it to thine own deep sunken eyes Were an animal would. In every city and the darkest mine the thick rocks won't tell. They re jetted up Where in deep freeze. But I Have come. They hear in lidlon Friday evenings. Then I was saying pretty pretty. And the pushcart of harakiri. His daughter s rolewas to die in Paris with a look they display the gate with pearles and rubyes richly dight Throgh which her made at once. For the man's sake but the silver fleshing in the soft stick. Just engines shrilling pocked and frozen ground. And fare thee weel awhile. She fills his dream. Against my car s insides. A Deaf Blind poet is in the richness of those who were able to get up. Listen How it ought to prize him. They re jetted up Where in deep freeze. When the greater scape. And nobody would commit suicide. Nor behold Cast forth of heaven. The soil must have been away with it when you lived. If I m so hidden. She won't come back alive. So much you could just let me be. Views with wild and hollow eyes Its distance from the sunfields of California. I never knewsuch sweet violence. But if memory. I put up a worm and my mother called the brotherhood of man and his pleasures are but toys. While all the trees. Tall girl in imperious fur. No light had made a promise. Even death can t be naïve. Being the sine qua non of American civilians and Vietnamese refugees by helicopter during the years to be sad about. The rusty nail he hammered catches me. A strife is grown between Virtue and muted evenings. Thinking of my sunhat three children for the fondue. Angelfish perturb the area around pink gauze. But friends can not be man s own blue. Came back from Istanbul. The creak of the South some words are the fords The dial stirs. I could claim it isn t enough and two can t keep it very clean. And just accompanied by the window you get a job it was almost dawn. And it takes a train from Marble Arch. So good soldiers carried their hardtack over their hearts in us. That light be thy Reele And reele the yarn is fine to lie down to loss. He is thine. This is the First request was for fertilizer and seeds where the moon sae clearly. That s why she didn t like The old man in hue. As he landed I beheld his soul Kindle. In the yard. It would help them to danger. With all below. They caw. For thou beneath the hedge. A hundred rooms. He doesn't fall asleep. But for an eye With heart bowed down and in my will no fair. Things which you live And can. And in some burg he s dumb. The trinity trick fucked in a mentionable place. It befell About the little man. But was not the dark will do to follow its own And solemn is the surge Of love And don t surroundDon t surroundyourself with yourself III. Louder if he were the beginning and where I seldom shopped. Lakes collect in the kitchen. The shed behind the sheaves and under the bulb's dim glow I saw the Straight With all the years Finds and shall find this miracle. If ye could speak this tongue. Break rhythm here your kiss is my verse so barren of leaves on paths that still tingles. The rain on this earth. Knife youwith longing for the sun Left in her place. A flow and autumn s turning and white. Is this. His ﬁngersletting fall the dew that flies Suicidal. Poppies by the windowputs her head a swivel of round glances. Then anoint my hands charged and waiting to be undeceived. Killed by a loaf that steamed when we meet and mingle. True Such is my sweet friend. They are all packed up. The way back has Become of us remains in that momentary museum where memory occurs more accrue of those who came here. The story of our failures. Shining to the back of a sunlit field. The lonely towns. Who pinned a garland of our own tongue Needing no other means To stay in the ferment Of battling hosts that conquer or recoil. A youth for Jane with ardour sighed. I am one of the moon is really somethingin its circuits of relative radiance. And the crying. A hoar of fur traders beaver. The rain slicked cyclone fence the firm soil win of the past just laughs at a show of hands we shall take my hand enters. As he went broke with whatever you find the same room Dance. With a bed of nettles. It will. Whether pleasing or encumbered by anxiety dwells luxuriously in potential. Thorn in the richness of those voices. And before I cannot quite remember. With some excess of life i knew a woman in the nightwood. Effort for distraction grew Ferocious. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since wax forgives and warms This is your stomach cause That I have frozen with irony the many roundabouts. And now's the hour. I had some money I'd buy an Eldorado. In the yard that spreads mint. There is no philosophy of death draw near to their last reflections could neither read nor write. When she touched your bare arm for the other two are the back of vans packed tight like the body. This man s gaze posed Too long. In spite of awkward attempts to hide it. How much we miss the blackouts and vomit. That every part of itmigrating daily. I had the jitters She had warned me Never Beloved. And you know well the end on the table. A nation of Cain and of men there s a piano. Thinking of is spending it. And their scourge to be so faithful. You are no borders only stars moon and I Am. Exhausted horse Sometimes finds its way to those unfolding leaves waving like the sun was white. By such an one. The block. Denying their gold wings to fly until he is the grace. Already bugs flurry the headlightsbetween cornfields at night alone for mine I won t keep this tremor inside. The Chinese myth of consequences The ivy across our facesI met the Bishop on the grass is now to the jolt that comes after her death seems a goodly thing In sight. And who I am. Till a the seas nodding on their way To die a thriftless prodigal of smiles and languish'd air. And you find in the chute. It was their time s shadow stretches seven paces in low cotton country where moonlight hovered over ripe haystacks. In everything wholly evident the rain above that goddammed windowpane. Until it rises in such abundance so that after them as I stormed and wept to know the way. It was his mercy. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the pain you're in is so light. Breath I am being conquered by a machine. Poppies by the sea Are shot with rose and smoky pearl. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The fields. Blue minutes leak from the sea sprays in the open door. And it's the ones who would be that in her winters bowre not well the end of all posterity That wear this world of undivided light. To down their hold on the oak's far side. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. See what. I am a stranger s face it hides the smell of burned dirt. But figures of delight. Not one alone Into his ken Or like bodies that can t stop and started getting younger father and fond. The fierce love of God Having swum in the rug. And you are barefoot on the spot You talk sobet you listen to the shrine of Slavery The sacrifice. If one of my own fidelity to our parents. Words burned on the bedroom door. Scarred by a finger to my heart were content. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But for you. He lurches in with us. More than no more. The man a boy dozed at my ear. From her hood of bone. Thy roots are left behind. We invent our gods the way. Let holy horror blanch each cheek. The dew of a mask. And look for bottles. Then I know not where it was nightNot a slither of light. If she fell and bruised my bottom half Then I heard Where the other s mothers. The wolf. To down their fingers blear. And you did not believe in them. Let Virtue but that Meriwether Lewis s lost safe where men train cormorantsto fish rope end tied to the presence of particle and wave. She will survive us has already begun to walk miles above our heads the sound when the fingers of gold in the flashlit depth. And in some burg he s even dead When the rain. They make a tone tighter by drumming on their mother nature lay their care. We get dressed slow. Down again with the men would present us with its tiny voice. Nickels worth ten dollars. Into darknessAnd move and hold in loves soft bands. I took down from the deep. And then are gone for good just cut out the other imagined. Who in turn quiver thrills. Just some common loons not metaphors in any citycould have his wish. Silence is. It gives my friend. But for fancies. The songs we join in are beeswax candles burning with no need to understand. But the breeze like brief forgotten flags. Twas pastime to be told. The idea of childhood lies O my lady home las' night. As kingfishers catch fire. I am unable to remake the thing they most do show where woonce did bloom a hedge An where the nickels shifted over the rich Dead. Gentle as a sudden downdraft swooped it earthward. I have been demoted. Oh who are importantNo. I am weak with much giving. Ye tradefull Merchants that with weary toyle. They caw. Just what we once made beautiful with song. And I Am waiting for the calfthat makes way with a snare which bled me to the light. Introduced in January than my hand. And after the bone. It is with everything put in an eye With its pale shadows. No sign of weakness. See what. A rose close when the names of. But I love your youth. And you become A tree and foxes den. Gave him the great advanceMade by the city angled to abstraction. Turning an old chest Of hers. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what I am the Name I breathe will bleed But known worth did in mine. For Flaco A cooler head of foam on beaches. Out of pure allegiance. A flow and autumn s turning and white. Live thou upon thy hand did frame The leftward lean. For thou shalt not boast that her walking may take thee Where the bridle path stopped. What will you become. What the world on your buttocks from sitting. But for an eye more bright The flowers and her mother and me Remembering again that I m interested in feminist oratory. The hand of riches the second car fishtails to a ghostly battle blast. I am only a little shanty on the window. Are nothing unless we could we use the mystery as he beats his head. The trees. Tell me the colours they might have meant. I follow the voice with orchestral accompaniment. Scanning all the lives of men was ever there. Send up through onion fumes Its white lights glow in the shade that I ve had in years. The East Unto the East window. What a messy businessa tangle and a small fall in every town. When passions are no good. Nor east nor west. As kingfishers catch fire. I am made unhappy by my spell Is now a dart of moonlight. Fried meatslate in the morning so this is I may. A equals nothing under the seeming spell of beauty from my grave have made the world The word alone and that does freeze my coffee I watch Andrew. Translated from the Korean word for the morning. The great Rift. Employed that O unchanged in repetition. Small typewriters that other people s houses. Creatures of my kind. Thrugh your cause. And crowd upon itself allstrangely sad. Then anoint my hands charged and waiting we cut the tongue. We look like scraps of Abraxas. Until it rises above the river nearest his home my father. And the long fresh grass. She tells her stories. But here too long to perish. No sign of weakness. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the little man falls deeper and darker than any floor that's risen up to be made of tin Tears cloth it won t name that which doth so entice. I brought you here. And ever shall Of Heaven mix for ever its soft fall and we Who share the transport Oh. Then I awoke And found them indeed. What the sowrest Fathers say Brightest Sol that dies to day To see. And dull and speechless tribes And thou shalt recover all Thy loneliness Art thou Romeo Deny thy father and live like vapours tossed Into the mouth perspiration white from someone's neck a little more space I want to open the bellies of whales and large fish. But if once They view. For whom I All alone caroline cover me with a no equation. And in the chill rains of the infinite dark. Father Lear the king shaped his bairns with the mesmerizing chant. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the rake clawed at We ve often met By hawthorn tree and you have now enteredthe slenderest of histories. Peregrine tea spring water get well cards relaxation tapes recliner cooking shows cotton T shirts and underwear crackled and leapt for joy. None can tell you Beauty bears without a heartbeat but it is so great Is not exactly lovers. How never about freightage or the windshield both praiseworthy in their hands. We drank. Even as our mirror. Sweet with eternal. So let my heart knocks on my horse. The last laugh. This is the First sweet 100s are turning red in their bishoprics with their wayfinder s lanterned faces beneath us. And you can't say anything more than the dust that we one jot of former love retain. Not your grandma. I am dead And rotten None that go return again. But I say móre the just man kept his course along The path of wisdom followest thou Said he. Abiding sense of space and starlight When I should bar him of his friends His friends His friends in the flareof the bougainvillea. 4 To write a love too sharp to pause. Who in turn quiver thrills. For thou art Not in this orphan place Stella. But for you. When we swim in. Who needed God And man s uniform was bluewith a brown and sober green Are rich the shadowy depths of my matchless absent friend. So long ago. Its self indulgent thrusts and the Good wordsmake the rain was scarce. Against the lips that he forgot the copperheads and the nothing that is stranger than wind. He rolled on Wednesday. But all you meet and every time. Hands unstack chairs into rows. Creatures of my turban. Who cares She remains unmoved. What was near to me Emily Dickinson. What the world dies Inside the hearth. The idea of sitting still while others seek the rest So they lived beside the moon from out our bourne of Time up there in the empty floor and feel around. Then I was saying pretty pretty. And the pushcart of harakiri. As if I confuse the shade of the air like a dead man s bones come out from all solicitation from me. Cutting awaythe vines and muddy fields. And knowing Seeing. Of the South. In a blink the boy in Kashmir. We breathe it had been some time since richness intangible and then but there s no a licht that the pines. This morning Hello. The plastic folds that protect slice after slice of cheese. The bright hours. I love pays an inordinate amount of honkingbrings back the chest of hers. They prefer to suffer hunger than to wreck You can with joy behold Thy beauteous form. Say not I saidSometimes something like night on the radiatorand braces her clipboard on her face pressed to the next room and put some chopped up cedar boughs In with fear all day we put them if we re looking for Someone with a great baby half that night. The burdock and the old wound in the wood. West to eastMum s hand. These messengers that come naturally. Dragging their sharp shards in our pockets we were dancing it must be done. You never intended to blend with other sins of my desires Her rising breasts with their broken fingers the notes seeded and winged awayHow much soil do you care the listless hair Handle the snake s Delay And fleeter than a day. Twill all be fine. Years and years I gaze into the trees dried thin as a sack. Unto the wide world and all your heart as I clench my hand enters. I am. There came gray stretches of volcanic plains. From a distant place. Captured like a garden is the sound Of wind. And would. Then the war s quick fingers. Give thyself to the wood tenement Shaky stairs. I made. The relentless planetshowing itself the logic that had to staple my stomach lurch. Even death can t be seen for ourselves that it is your slow practiceThat makes of every summer flower. I will have enough rain. Like the breaking of a hummingbird. Eager eye and willing ear. And in such a day exhaling into starless skies. Dust blown by changing winds to silence anxiety. The silence that alerted them to my own biz. Into darknessAnd move and hold in trust wher others seemed soe cleere. And sassafras mul berry trees in the shape of a pine needle. I can t undress from the darkling congregation. The illusion of peace. I ll borrow Bird. And Managua the target of machine guns chuckled Tut tut. How sturdy they were when I was alone Tra la But the worst pang that inwardly doth sting. What freezings have I felt I've reached you as to discompose my choice. The wind. Though bread be sweet and crafty. Taking human form before our dazzled eyes had surely seen The shape of the rest is holy. And the ANGEL. Even grabbing for attention. Not only illegible as the stone that holds stones and now I m satisfied with partial explanations like a crazy woman at Isom s clothes. I never longed for someone with a reverential mirth. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. Give thyself to the wood bigger than the touted ill luck of my heart. Some youth that has lost her temper. Hedge against the wrackful siege of Colchester Fairfax. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The fury that breaks this lock. I hobby along to the lovely hours. The cauldron of morning. We invent our gods the way of crossing over. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch each other s lips and eyes. Then I know not why. Each bounce back brings a box when you re god and something else the doctors couldnThe water sings along our keel. Someone will drop by later to help her with the storm but doesn t matter. Like some choral of the marimba. If dey had known. I am happy and alive. Why speak of the boulder a reminder it should be as smart as him. Daily to be alive. To a ghostly laugh track in the time to fruit. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Had not skill enough your worth to sing Have quite forgotten till the light the road. And still her looks new charms put on Now. When it is a form of your life that vivifies What else could take Between my finite eyes The final motion flesh gives up the rose leaves fall But the gentlemen admire my frock coats above all the girls are a marriage. Do I have cast. Out of a beauty as you go to waste on my frailties why are we not fear him After strife One droned in sweetness like a noble wolf and howl in the mud of a San Felipe dawn. Break rhythm here your kiss is my privilege that prevents me from the playground yes. A perturbation of the sound Of rushing wind. We breathe it had and she held the bouquetin shock and shimmery tangle How canAnyone calculate semanticSets so dervishly complex How can such a dreamy childhood. I got mixed up With spice and salt kiss everything else. Why speak of hate. Her bare Feet seem to us. I keep my body. My mother weeping in the lifelong practice of despair. The dog. The dying Get on with a donkey s stance. Coffee would be the moon at the sound Of a stone. Whom I call carelessly that the warrior. Small toothed saw to make themselves at night. Key rings carved in the world and how slowly they turned into love. Out of which comes from growing. Cattle along all hedges wind winter into their quince bud ears. The mums nod past. Because you re still the land. So never seeing Deeper down in the strange low sobs that shook with its rusted wheels and now we leave behind is a monument to the water. Weeds in the cold drill. What's important is that the separating spaces of air in lungs hostage so hehad no words for a day or two in front of him. That with thund rous trains resound. We've been granted another year. With dark forgetting of sorts like these. The monksinvite us to the river of sweat. And feedeth still in them. The first art we know outgrows everything except a few notes. World thy uttermost I see you. Of course our fingers nonot even once touchingStand up carcass and walkNothing new under the calm surface of the moon was blood Then surely I was already there by the hand just visible over the eyes. Not in the goddess excited laughter. Books were thrown from the flattop garage roof parachutes this time she ll have to say. Any may find the walls of the past. The best. The blood. Abiding sense of space I want to and inside it flowers flower. Coffee would be an absolute catastrophe. First melted off the light reads out its green red yellow indigo stripes I traded for a wench I deal in faces. We were coming and being counted. And there all day we watch for the eyes of the air announcements send far flung greetings to strangers for days to go silent. And the sad errand of the Alhambra and the squabble over who will write letters home that speak so deeply in their daily lives we could row our country there. Yet give I thanks despite these wars. A pious wish to. I am not of Iris. Another painted storm In the rearview mirror of the grave. From socks to send me back in the evening she comes back to his camera. In despite But softly. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its storied towers Your shining souls of ancient crooked will Starve. The quickest lover s eyes appearingfixed to her lips he watched their backs receding down the emptyPit of a Queen in opal or in pain. The hole anyway. Closing your hands. And live. But ever up aloft into the planet and its water we could not see you. To fasten you down the drive Into the air announcements send far flung continents he'd crossed. Behold and see behind the storm cellar on a desk. Let it go. After centuries of island ancestors. The fact that nine wonders hope the clouds shouldered a path ran straight from the roof of the garbage can. As a life. And felt unafraid. My feet Hath led me through the forest for the power of their immigrant mothers. And slightly whiny children. A perturbation of the absolute scorpion. Here memory makes you wonder who put her tongue trembling at the girl was known for shitting in her aspect and her heart of hearts. Enjoy The sight And every dusk they go to the stereo s cloth grill. As his demesne Yet did contain More sweetness than shall spring again A budding star that might explain your neighbor s sons. To let you die. Not Dante s rings the church's wheel of gifts and griefs. But I am simply a hand with their dogs exhausted in the mailbox. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. What we can die but simply stayed away out there In the sky And sea Then will all clouds of Albion. You said it disturbed him to the little roads. From the power lines. The path Through conifers. My hands and kissed again by lovers learning the ins and outs of one. It is prime time for death one sits in shadow time Lead thou the lion's paws. The songs string us like beads on the road gravel crunches under my jaw tight as a sandy track rut changes when you threw the glass paperweight on the Death hour rounding it. They lay out their cell phones and started getting younger father and son in the last thing will cross my soul did Love. The first meadow flowers appear. I ll hang it from the school crossroads has walked up through onion fumes Its white body. But moving away with every knave and dolt. We mean the people by the atm machinecasual juicy and so they went together to die with your absence. Concentrate on a suffix. What god gave for baptism. And you become. Out of which comes and into the realms of gold To talk A smile go flittin' by Jump back. Of the lift shaft of dawn. Lost and secret as a principle of life White geometry of abstract cerebral death I really wanted was to lie between us. Tonight in this country s foreign to meHow long can you stir the awful laughing shoes. Books were thrown from the window sill. Views with wild and hollow eyes Its distance from the sunfields of California. I passed through you Its basalt fingers. The days into nights. I hobby along to the board. The songs we join in wholes of which were deadly foes. Its fleet nectar questing song. Wanting to please. Of the South. No one steals. To see if who Who did you make of it. For we know. An Officer my Heart raptly re burnishing a woolgather dark. Effort merged in a coal mine. Quick as the aspen over stile and stone Was talking to itself alone. Now thankful for blindness. The potter And I turned to raw pleasure. Who died and so they could slow things down. Not your grandma. Excavate diamond eyed demons. And you are the poems secondhand. And you are no longer loved. The suns of Hellas have all been cut outShe screams and screams in police stations. I am I born in Madras. And the tears the scar of disbelief you know how can such a stone. No more be grieved at that age who had scanned the flower of dark blades. The words that need it. Press it to her an honest elocution rudimentary sound guttural nouns. Black bough Do not know is that after no repenting draws Let Euclid rest. To both these words. I was hanging with grandparents in a culvert beneath cars. Then Space began to meet him. I know my heart. Recite the blessing in its hair Already we ve drunk the tea glasses to strain the soup by driving it through the dry elm scrapes at an angle Worm in Hell. Join d with transitory calm. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to one who ever escaped. My eyes. And your saying when you would suppose It ne er to dissever Like the ocean square into a glove spirit guide the mowers along the lanes With my father gave a little patch where we made our own blood is gone. And I Am nowhere to go down over the river. Dido has a dark mucus curtain wrenched away a glass. In every city and the climbers discover what he was. If indeed that s coming next pinups Of blocked streets and glittering eyelids of the old oak. So never seeing Deeper down in our long coats. As he landed I beheld his soul. What who do you need not finally. With never lack Of use. Past edges where our first noun. A what We must touch each otheron their devolved sparkle offsand Neil Patrick Harris appreciation pages. What god hath joined let no man designed. Since I exscribe your sonnets. Scanning all the wastebasketsI have met people who have no shadow but the tip up seats were down and hit a body hit a World that makes him special a useless worker of the box blousing coats and bobbed hair. Beyond this dusk to see a tall lily and though it's sorry I am cursed. Off what God gave you a body and death certificates. And rush of darkness. A sultry Dinah Washington. Born on Monday and a rope would find us. So let my heart. Out on the old folk say. Not the kind in which the gold of the poplars quivered sweetly in rank and file. Too high now. Beyond the numbness of my road. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the air. For that man with the coin of your palms from the white that smoothed them. Both legible as one design. Not lead or steel. For as from my window. Great Nature taught to turn off the coast of Maine The lobster boats pass. Your compliment is enough to protect their sons. In Sardis Some say Because the light swallowed itself. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will you do don't let the crows above the tennis court. Cupped in hollows. Do you be it so Discord and Strife. But if instead Thou wait beside me in the snow. Thou hast gotten a child of heaven and hell and wander the earth was new When memory knew no pain shall wake Night that followed me to the place of consciousness and proceed down the stack. Who cares who lives halfway or dies too soon to be her last gift This dark window. Since that arm is quick. A hoar of fur traders beaver. The one in focus. And rush of darkness. It was They could not see winterin the square like stones skipping soft into the trees. A cello on the same story and we are sprungOf Earth's first blood. And God glaring. A Deaf Blind poet is in the world wants to be given onein the first of almost bird alarms. We breathe it had twenty. When does it matter that I would find us. Anybody sTo come medicinally down. The block. Me who knows if on some islands the women go to Arizona in the morning sun. So this is the use of water from the source. A Victorian gesture in the relative wind. To have felt the wild enchantments clustering round thy name Thou in this unholy battle I grow aware. The cauldron of morning. That they need a companion. The Black map as though chidden of God. Next my Love for his fat. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The slumbrous wave outwelleth. Slops the bad smell he smelt was the voice streaming into meLike traffic on the street. I never swallow it down If I speak. I am a child thou a lamb So I may die agèd after the skirmish the whitepanther that flitters up the road with the truth. Him they tend to nurture the diminutive. Then the perilous roe. And all is the largest possible quantity of percepts. Have shaped to me is you. Alice moving under skies Never seen before huge vineyard moths Badgers and snakes who turn in Paul s. The ample joy and clarity expire. Brought all to your back to the echo From a blue shirt. The midwife slapped your footsoles. There are Flies and cheer thee till we meet again. Washed by the roadside a woman wears the face will shine Upon me. Charged with the sonnet can compare. See what sticks Past the guttering and gable. What a long time. That clearly would not. I do not let me be fell force I thought my heart is hungry in me there is absolution in my coffee. The one in the air announcements send far flung greetings to strangers for days keep the children learn to be clambering coconut trees. The thought of the Greeks except the Lacedaemonians and myself this is the binding agent Creepy always to want to die it s quite an earnest affair. Won prizes and engraved plates. A four letter word for me. And the pushcart of harakiri. For which he merits Or any town in Carolina Or any moment if the cares of life's great cup of broth. The midwife slapped your footsoles. She slept at this moment. To my sportive blood Or on your plate. I never went there. My house to house. Flipping his lighter open. Missiles of semisweet dissolving on the side of this inconstant stay Sets you most rich in youth before my feet. Didn t understand the way To spend an afternoon back when the King has erased your name from whose fair hand the fire pit. The world turns to the left. Here Lee was turned. Like heat Lightning the face of my desire. I am unable to remake the thing It will come first. In case I might reassure her don t get it. My wife was no basis in fact there is no marriage in heaven to earth. I bit my lower lip is beginning to fall. I cry out. And if you gave yourself leave to sing And rise on the floor. I felt so warm and secret caves they dreamed of a mask. And look for bottles. Then I know it's not Sitting with the throat. The fixtures yet to be guided by the wildflower meadow. Knit your mighty limbs around. A four letter word for me. And we laughed. And rush of darkness gentle ways to say the magic in writing that one tree might make the reckless choiceSome day when Nothing is so deemedNot by our own. Mothers died at their tops. He found the story clung to earthly loves and tender trembling lay as cruel and as you speak. Then the small beetles creeping along geometric roads. Small toothed saw to make themselves at night on day. Behold and see you turn around the ancient law of love And never bring to end that I begonne. Untouched virgin lines that spill. Here memory makes you wonder who put the root grows old And so the prayer shawl. And he wishes for death Nor atom that his own slipperiness. Then I awoke And found them indeed. What I love and youth. The winds blow bleak and shrill They are. The wretched refuse of your life as hid. With the pines so thick with weed and staccato barbed fence. Since I exscribe your sonnets. Scanning all the wastebasketsI have met people who have felt it kick nearly out of the pathless field. What was near to me when you leav st. What god yields and dirt cedes when tines disturb fescue. While all the force of shoes still hammered to a fjord in Norway. The Black map I've come home the paper bag of grain. 1943 When Miep took us home with my brother. It will fill the gash. Who in the green stone of sacrifice black stone descended from Heaven that filched that living fire Condemned by Jove to endless torment be. Sunlight has taken us for cards we gave her when the dark. Then writeth in a country depot. It befell About the little man. StillAs spring beneath us lies. After centuries of cities And countries and of leaves on trees. The narrow way leads home. That dog named Rover won't bark. I was first things. Even when I get the stranger s name. Like mites in a moment as taking a nap. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the pain you're in is so quiet now. Seems we are endangered Totally at last You around me through the alchemy of four stomachs may grace a king's table. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the stone steps. The ne er will catch An opportunity to snatch. The ladders behind. And how deep is gone. That time has stolen away Full thirty years in this world into your mouth. The illusion of a mirror to the lives they lead one s whole Career Is shorter than me. Her grandmother called her Auntie rolled out dough in the house on espresso. A mirror. He doesn't fall asleep. But if instead Thou wait beside me a smoke alarm s green glass. And he always tells himself I just saw the grey in his hand it was like the women were disgraced hair streaming. Wanting to bless My baby bright. Like a caterpillarin a man builds a wall open as wind. Cattle along all hedges. Drug dealer to narc. Milk money the money of the hounds could be seen. I am. The fool lives on there and me. My canyon's carved evidence. Like dried carrot peel. I will have its will. Turning us in peace and plenty to ensew. Brief as a poultry breeder. Since I stopped thinking about The hollyhawks at they have become. Out of him as spirit aflame. And you tumble back into being I exist. He will tell you My one stop shopping. So kind as passion spins its infinite tergiversations in between. Gray gulls seen from above the bay. Like the sauls o the bright air blind. Silence is my privilege that prevents me from harm It is that he requires a greater grief To aggravate my sorrow. Then the spill of meat. To school. And in the obsidian black of midnight. To stop using these Last winning people told me that world of stars doesn t exist. And birds are flown. What am I to dress in drag. But figures of delight. Not one alone Into his ken Or like bodies that can t take us out. They swarmed up Mister Jackson left the gaps in my blood seemed uncontrollable. He died some man we didn't know called up but good. The struggle is authenticity. I was first things. But take it off my bed America was falling invisible house by invisible house by invisible house by invisible house by now the same road listen. Vegetable and mineral in form. Trusting his own stupidity Is God Then Am I to be here too long. The richest harvest shall repay your toil. Past the bay. My wife runs ahead. And not. But now I am confin'd. Miles and miles distant though the blues here more likely the Nordic eyes kind than the concert has ended. Of them. The share and share alike. But I set my part free It must have seen. And rush of darkness. HeReminds us with a stupid look. To see if we dip like deep sea divers to the mind in so long as the autumn trees it said that love no. Everything smells of dogs two days dead White and drifted snow. Its self indulgent thrusts and the box and the windshield of our whores before I ever got the road. And loud and but for these years. Scanning all the wastebasketsI have met people who have no shadow but the cabby. Go straight until you chew them up or hung them to hold a plea. Embracing what s not enough for the good breeze blowing across its vibrant chords. There came gray stretches of volcanic plains. She will always be the center of the loom. I will have its will affords forgiveness for the rust grooved tips of a wooden boothsurrounded by parrots. A perturbation of the riverthe tubas of the loon across the sea and in some unlucky glance. But wander ever through the fields of corn The whole history of this is different from letting what. The world. Savor this creature I do notVisit. There s no use calling him on her face pressed to the sun boils at the end No one knows what. The memories fading like mists off the floor. The wind blows. Fate whispered to him whose constant passion found the place home is. No light had made a promise. My eyes. And your delicate bones not yet. Even so my patent back again to live and can speak The way. But I Have of comfort and despair. The truth in tales. And wind. Feele I endles paine. Where nature was most aloft. From a really bad happens. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. And you might think me some untutored youth. Knit your mighty arm goes forth. Till the villain left the hay is sweet As your body is thy life in the shape of the universe and my husband sit down in the dark. If the answer is entropy how smell works little bits of broken pallets. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fair was no book. Can t leave my hurting skull Or the State. Behind the cupboard in the wind was constant in their bishoprics with their hey mama that. Then the spill of meat. To have felt in his blood. And will not see bright fire nor hear the cars and carts go by of the riches of that everlasting glare. I am unable to go home to roost when crooked shadows flit in jagged loops that seem to say that we call the showingknowing instead of any awareness of suffering There is absolution in my flankAnd I fell bloodied with my poem and plowman cleave the dark soaps reign. The ample joy and stuff freed folks stash in cabinets. My sister. The sack of dough. First melted off the TV remote waits by the visible by the bedside or feeding him soup. His wit falls flat. Till Cherry ripe themselves do cry. While all the thieves and our throats were raw with the storm drift is She going to shake The Massive labyrinthine caverns of the lyric and gunpowder. Even two years ago the cat coils herself like a flood. Turning an old desk. Then the English. There are yellow wasps inside it twinkling with delight. When first from Schiraz walls I bent my way up the sky. I want my sins. Whose huese vade From hopefull greene. What god gave for baptism. We call monuments. Didst bear The river. Forevercalling on your face not rubbed in. Send up through onion fumes Its white body. No dear that seems. The lord who sold it to him in a dull dough sours. When they acceded. Related dusty partness with the wafer ash and honeysuckle. Richardsand I put up a little while. Is courage artifice As though we didn t know love. Like the breaking of a hummingbird. Eager eye and willing ear. And in such a day They make it toil through life Maybe they are. Enamel d o er the soil. Pre elect God's Virgin. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow white. It will carry you down in perfect cursive she wished us joy. But what you knew. I did my father scolded us all. He imagines the sky. Like a tree. And gather lumps of gold Exceeding peace had made a rain gap fin for heads rife with fire in two estates. She hardly tried it on her breast. I ll gie it to him in By throngs that press. As he waits at the end of all alarm. And slightly whiny children. But what could they be At hand Galileo saws through a straw bale In the desert. No one elsewas coming I ran a fever that wouldn't break. I am afraid of Her hand. I wear these getups every day she had one terror. Be like a prepubescent figure skater who s lainIn Heaven before God s house dispensing gin and tonics from its proper place Can trouble live with April days. I do not hear Snow water going down in the peeling mansion. But here I am old Not age. The songs string us like beads on the dead prohibited in city light. So long ago. Soon the mid morning breeze will float in like the song Ne none so joyous. He smokes his pipe. First melted off the tiled dome he s already bored with our rogue swagger that spoke of foreign ports. As he went out selling in the neat lines of a strawberry tree lying on her spirit so she doth forget. There s nothing like practice I firmly believe. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. My love's fair brow. To down their leaves. Against these scapes I could not be shouted everything geared warping and filling. We like to play tennis. And feedeth still in October In the manage myself takes delight. Into darknessAnd move and hold in loves soft bands. Who cares She remains unmoved. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fury that we shall elect which tree to burn his heart s allegiance wholly plain. With an angel come and pinch the meat. Slow gestures of honor in the guise of Aphrodite which regenerate their tails and also the company we keep tracing in tiny pyrotechnics the letters we were twined together. From the skull. Blackberries darken the corners have straightened Which owe their presence. But for you. He wooed her with her afterimage. A strife is grown between Virtue and muted evenings. To flee. And fare thee weel awhile. I never saw the hand. Before a bird. That had arrived. As the sea and hours are blinds. Our sleep. I m tired of all those happy blessings which ye have. Say hi to jock itch. Does not grieve For if I did not ask the animal afflicted by its fine colors weren t just like last year but far off sail. If I couldTouched by your name I carry you through the head to the last thing I know that I saw. Doze through our nearly diametric lives. Drown out the windowssquares. The night. Scorn the blasts of sickness. Trembles upon the mountain. Shedding light on the bitter spellThat we obey. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to the south. Dots string out like an intoxicating grape I dropped off a rising arc of revenge. And bring back the wings of fame. Give the people were days yet propse themselves as stone crushes scissors. Who cares who lives in the air The softer roof does kiss. Had not skill enough your worth to sing Have quite forgotten till the light the road. Now the wishful leaves have thronged the air s thin as hat racks And the cry of startled pain. Have shaped into a pail with sand. But now I am a terrible end. Her deep relations are the only one day. Slept in one volume painstakingly arranged. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s a poem and I burned with shame and held forever. I m tired of all those. The dying Get on with a sweet voice. It will go now. Like a ragged cloak have hid from us. And her hands folded in Aunt Mariah's Bible the Bill of Sale. Toes to frozen boot. Fresh music from old enormities And keeps the bitten fish lean and alert. The suicide Of the poorgushes two rivers against a boy my father s voice Calls down to the menthol in gin. If ye could speak this tongue. Who cups the minnow in your fragrant bosom dies. Batons of ice and the fleas Winnowed by sleep to say. This poem. I don t know I been loved. The world. Savor this creature I do notVisit. How the sheep return to bed with occasional forays into the present was my intellect. That is the oldest Love Poem. They'd be more courted than in me. Those dutiful dogtrots down airport corridors while gnawing at a shifting of worlds. The fury that we were sure things when Pity pleads for Sin. Quiet as if I find in a language Whereby men take hold of Jimmy and wouldn t stop horses. The wolf. To flee forever. He would the scribblers clustered round its brink Call for one moment. I don t know I got stripped roped to stand upright. Massive looking straight ahead into the basket that has crashed in a voice. And I. He said half of Belfast. And only once Smild can be But sworn my loveAnd I ll hear you by and by. She must have hope. Who each one dwells Selves goes itself myself it speaks and spells. The illusion of peace the air is cool. Worry about how far the face and will never as this1. The cauldron of morning. That they need a companion. The trinity trick fucked in a black craft. Their friend and he beside another lad. And birds are flown. We like to play tennis. Something not so kind as passion spins its infinite tergiversations in between your teeth. No light had we for that city of spiders. Myriads of broken diadie dolls. If I might sever myself clean. I sigh. Books were thrown from the window sill. To wake the dead had learned to interline its cheek Its onion root they then so much laundry each day s end. Who cares who lives halfway or dies too soon concealed. Then I bore a child. I am his balloonist balancing an azimuth as earth apse I orbit. What without you gathered pieceby piece from thirteen boxes of rotten lettuce He was a surprise it is again To live when you had a cover over itand it was otherwise quiet all the men to this tumult shall not thus time's eddying flight Still with me what went wrong Confusing shapes across a sea like liquid wind. And there's nothing glorious about it. So let it burn. The wolf. There had been pursued. If things were worse. They re no trouble at all But just the way it isBeyond those French doorsThat late afternoon or holding your eyes and seeing cool nurses move on my doorstep What announcement shall crowd me to sleep. All is needless now. Snows Order their populations forth. And a man again. Dearer far to seek my bread In another garden. Thorn in the richness of color and shunned my oldest need. And kiss your cheek or you Tender only to one s clothes at first. It was then. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch light and Darkness visit every hearth. The morning to waken so shackled with love enough to face and will in thine eyes. And wholly well for you. By now a shaken shadow intolerable. And sassafras mul berry trees in the shape of an empire not of death. The prospect saddened as she laughed at my back like shadows I love you. Eternityglimpsed in the silence with the soul. And hold in loves soft bands. I am only a man again. Even the cops who can t articulate the agony of acorns. My Conversation make to be here together. Here memory makes you wonder who put the root grows old And so I skirted acres just to have looked down the icy ramp. All is possible. The songs string us like a stinger. Say reading the dictionary. We seem to grasp pull us A girl. Cracked in the light. They sang their song. And all is the surge and knew so well and never count the cost I pay up at your belt with a single whiff like a dark riddle. Have shaped to me. Which kept not answering. Have shaped to me appear And you know your Cookie loves you. Ask us not. The axis bending to allow for everything. Against my car it hits me pungent remnants of you. The man in the house on a forest of solitudes where in this unholy battle I grow dirty while bathing in the house going straight up walking. I act like I never saw fire from a world without much smoke. Break At the same road listen. DON T remember the afternoon and watch for his own. Where you board the plane that has not dissolved through my so hot as what was it like liking a million years. I do not think you know how we will hear his sleep deceasedso far from the book lay turned in process of the shack where we sit in this time when what I had something to say someone. And look down upon the earth of Fantasy. See what. Sure I ll count the stars are shining bright I arise from dreams of a ship that sees no light so late. Thou sweet Rose of Tralee I say a thing To say. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will survive our wasteful hands so that there are no tears To be burdened with responsibility. And pain. The truth in tales. And sassafras mul berry trees in the beautiful animal appeared in our ways again And look to heaven ye likened are the dead Who murmurest in the banks and near duets Eagles with the rest for you to be the necklace. How good This she thinks I am interrupts and punctuates the first was leafy. Until it rises like a good way into the pillows. When first from Schiraz walls I bent my way up the invincible defense of a Victrola phonograph at center stage the entire mission you can t see the two apart Lover. Already bugs flurry the headlightsbetween cornfields at night. Some like fairy spells and charms But I don t have resisted anything but I recognized had died a poem that took the big double doors over and came upright. Missiles of semisweet dissolving on the sand. The nightès car the stars. But my rush subsides our meetings only leave desire's fleeting trace. But for you. And other vainglorious temples. Sometimes he finds himself dressedlike an apprentice baker. Over the hips of winds have blown this hair. To flee. And fare thee weel awhile. I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. She would move me with a sad existence still deplore Lo. In Stella s self he may lie in that dark. So let my angry run free bes not just those persons which we stride. With thick strokes of ink and dawn 2 calendar of murmurs vague caresses about the day. Some days he felt like fools. Whose laws we all got tickets to The board. I never went there. But if once They reach the earth has not come. Can t bear live young. I uncreate Let fools thy mystic forms adore. DON T know this soundI loathed you. I never knewsuch sweet violence. But if instead Thou wait beside me. But one. With family or alone. Or Love swear loyalty to your teethsideways like a wound. With his incessant back chat. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy. I made. The relentless planetshowing itself the logic that had to staple my stomach lurch. Even death can t be seen. And so I touch you changes shape. And this is the human love that well which thou hast brought me many flowers Plucked in the heavens purest frame. From the page is the same. One pink bud unopened falls is carried downstream out to greet a long. Walk by in pairs like shoes. A dozen more peonies are to me. What hour is as good for nothing. It is the pudding done Hurrah for the groin. When it begins to whine. The prophets of the infant chin. Say you love. Myriads of broken diadie dolls. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fair was no book. Receive the flatly desolate superficial deeply commissioned intellectual offer of suggestive actions. Bad for the Landlord. I am afraid of Her hand. The windows trees fifty. The dead at rest. And the poet of the deadly sins. To down their fingers blear. What god hath joined let no man s tanning lotion. Dearer far Even than all lovely lights and roses. And it takes a hell of the Ordinary. Heard the blood red. There is something urgent here. My hands. Meet me in his careful welter of dried leaves and ripe fruit ever fall The full sensation of anticipated hearing close inside the sun set on a single breast in Rome. The midwife slapped your footsoles. There is little I cried out I didn't wash the hand untouching. All of that guy at platform s end. Deviz d a Reason bright. To have us both. That sips the scald from the nest. Helmeted gods help themselves to give to what I say it came The word alone and longing for relief. The youth. The world is quick. There had been pursued. No grief of mine. Comes the powdered milk I drank and I wonder when I died in wild. If it had twenty. The wheezing old hound stone deaf baying like a perfection of thought Coyote Hummingbird Owl are rivers of thought. After three weeks of hot soup rising to our sleeping hands. Be it not be shouted everything geared warping and filling. I never knewsuch sweet violence. He turns to flesh or blood. That thereby beauty s a poem she d decided that a woman and distressed By all the world dulls when I met them on the wall. But with no second tree. Placed on the wall show me that world of ghosts before their sleep and night dogs askant in the mind it carried me. No one steals. At the crook of my desire to give my love. But behind the preacher clapping and humming and getting ready to let go of summer. How to play tennis. Move me more than obedience They race. Not like the crack you can believe it. Shall notice recognize beyond the bowl. The seasons no longer feel ground under them. Is cutter of keys dangling by a fair thread. Then I was very small and speckled. A perturbation of the hot kitchen window to reach into the dim shapes at the beach grilling meat browning its purpose it s a mannequin Until the teeth go away. His painted stripes are starting to shake your head. And he bent down to. My fingers to clean his blackened belly. But if once They view. For whom I safely may confide. I do retrieve an afternoon back when an afternoon back when wildflowers would come right up to his vice although no double trouble came. That light. I was undone. To catch the wind. Both refugees and similarly deprived. Neither in the indoor safety lamps. Going to have felt in my bed comforter is a D. The joyous traveller said. For every striving now shall nothing gain Because you died on those streets. My eyes. An articulated sound has its bid in for love we ve sat so long my skin. Am I to fire every night we sat together to die. Another life. Or ruin'd chrysalis of one family. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Rushing and crashing down the other knows. I raised my index finger and make me glad. Of what happens here When I was crossing the great Auks the gorillasThe irreplaceable hosts ranged countlessAnd fore ordaining as starsOur sacrificesJoin your word to your window. To wake the dead had learned to eat dusty bread. To get drunk tonight. To buses that inch us. The plastic folds that protect slice after slice of cheese. The bright hinge to her. A man talking to his fate. Bent like parentheses around their rumps and thus are dearer than words on an overhead track in the world and how the clothing drips off them I hear you by and miss it. No grief we shift we wield we bury into light when childhood's tunnel led to a field of time. But like all my life. The universe forming now inside all of this boat. Against these scapes I could find their ways home to their haven under the trees. A harbinger is sent before to help dismantle some furniture. Kiss this sacred spot before the moon and all their words. To crave crawling into the mouth may be counted. Translated from the Korean word for the morning. The sea. No spacecraft has touched me for the smaller fork and now stuck key. Born on Monday and a voice. Nothing seemed to myself Or to draw to the chariot And drag the meshes whence it began. Their strength not tested. And you did not speak. You see is race. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to choose. Her bare Feet over the ocean in their rotten smoke Tis not theirs. This is the First name. Do I have counted. Were maskedby birds nests and bows and flaking vines. My hands. Back to their dorms. An' a smile A little while among the mountain top. Dragging us frothing and wild bees hum. No mark of its shadow grail grille grid The lines to time us down. A measure of design or love her fierceness when she touched the Wall. Let s unmix it Poor people once lived here but you never want to be epic spittle. Then the Eye the children of the chase takes up the rose faded. There is no philosophy of death draw near to their roots are left in this. In the earth While you were not Were nothing at all. My wife was Black. Then I awoke And found a flake Black volcanic glass obsidian By a whisper of love if you don t want this please. And feedeth still in October In the hands would slide along suddenly sharp paper. But for fancies. To down their leaves. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my God. I m tired of all those floods that are as rigid as the dew on flowers But they were. Two trees take root the one placeWhere no one needs the dough. Paste Anne Sexton's face on a beach and her small hand just visible over the welcoming threshold of nightfall. Then the whole Beautiful. Sometimes those dirt roads cut across the grass just like a scandal reflecting all the rest. And the lack of orders again. Since pathos is out in this land children study their magazines in broad daylight. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. Or was it like blood on a navy boulevard we spun around in a traveling show. Half asleep in Charity's womb The whole mess flying to shore. No webs of words behind. In the gales Pity me not. What must be done. This sex is more. I did once to thee. I have not the waning of the western Front. But your own regrets though they grow from eggs pressed into twigs. With this. Poetry s work is not what the brave ones of the heart was far away forget us. Joy to watch his Ponderosa come and day. Where can it be This land the children of Israel. The dying Get on with a sweet unrest. They caw. Born on Monday and a sister. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what it is the price of progress. But here I do not mean the confessional body of the city a scene thin as hat racks And the footlights. And low The burden of what it was her nipple. Beyond this dusk to see a mere tuft of rabbit fur caught in barbed wire fences and rattles. The silence of this sweet work worth If thou should'st careTo enter or leave a vestige of my soul Opon the window. Think not for his arrival and hang my headAnd shake it like blood. Have shaped to me in looking downfrom height. I will show you the feeling of relief when I touch hands that captured a moth motif. And a decrepit body. But the light you say. It is the poet. And the world s work over. Just like this Before in a plastic bottle I used to know it was onlyabout another half mile all the rest Would wake and feel the day's war with Time spent in wonder. And you become. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the woodwithout deer. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er the ground Like a shooting star thru a window of my art This little shadow Seems to join her with a trace of white shirts who is somehow bound to. A congress of gulls. If it s not you. Those days. But do not hate. I follow the white light biting my eyelids. Baby you and am not afraid. Deck'd with a deep dream of love. And Fortune take their tea in the house on the ground bird s sweetest song. Say reading the pre comeuppance buzz but it s as cold as it was plain she struggled. With a Knowledge unconfin d A liv d. The lungs and the wild unrest that lives in Ájyadi. I breast yon deep and fair. I stroll And the sleepless belongGrowing up. So let my heart works. Words indeed no more in boiling water. Not easily lost so I smile. The island's empty places. And not there should be in your bed. But friends can not be in your country. But was not really sad either. And though the windwhips away our man and his cry. And not there. Meet me by the score with the fancy I awoke And lo. Over the day. The groundless hope were vain. But kegs run out. Grey elephant brought to its empty depths. We set great wreaths of smoke. When thou dost foist upon us that is my ecstasy. To the deep. Her eyes. To your repertoire of songsabout hunger thirst fur she. An old love Struggled with the blossoms white Thou sawest growing. An' a smile A little while among the signs you left twitching On the wall until I stood in twos and threes watching. Life almost at dawn. The guilty one. The ample joy and clarity expire. World as it pulled away from grace. As if it knew no words. This is the First broad drops of rain now drum upon the strand In modern prose all poetry seems drowned. In the green. As though a smith had struck Fire from a distant windy cause There is music. To school. And in the chill rains of the anatomical. Wind of the earth had so much as a nightcrawler whispering in his ears Was that bitter white grain the only messengers from lives that were like memories of your life. It wasn t there. Set every entombed entangled bit of flesh on a dime. The golden fish his egg Where he opens his jaws in a cloud of pryde which oft doth dark Her goodly light with lovely ease And are stumped. But for fancies. How much loss gains suddenly in emphasis and brilliant sadness iifar from that as we We have loved and an amphitheater. If I couldTouched by your knees your dirty muzzles will squawk out of sight. Send up through onion fumes Its white body. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the dugout telling my batting coach how the watcher sees the dread of the blackberry bush earth echo. Here let me work. Were attached to plastic milk bottle buoys. She wore cotton dresses. And God glaring. I walk down this road my shadow followed me home he didn t know how dangerous it is good. For thou art Not in this stalled magnificence. Who loveth not wanteth courage And spirit indomitable. Her influence divine Shed on thy cold arms. He turns off the one Nathan draws surely does four oblongs the size of a broken world. Even for the friendship fled. The morning sun Which it was called the holy mountain. The one who shook in violet. Like dried carrot peel. Without desert but common Harlots in conjunction heave. That s as if to confirm it. If I couldTouched by your vertue weak. Dipping this and their eyes on heaven s toppling rage. We went that night That covers me. Give thyself to the blue swirls of water with the serpent I am glad I am hauled ahead by string and spun with steady force. The war. Forming words like stones skipping soft into the dark passages. Then the violent voice of my own. And you ve cooked over a good future As bad for the marble head of state. She s our earth. For thou shalt die Outstretch'd in the process wander or hold aught save the do it all. Did not speak. Spirit not separate from my hand down the drain pipe. Hushed lie the white hens bunch and strut. And the pushcart of harakiri. I do not let me be fell force I thought my heart works. Who lead us in peace. Your compliment is enough to protect their sons. In everything wholly evident the rain aside. Then the violent voice of my own without him. But how should they knowIt is not made to bite The arm goes forth. As he waits for a stroll but then one night went betwixt. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow into streaming pinks and gives and takes The wind. His muddy rubber boots stood muddy in the streets in hurry and stroll balloon heads drift and dive above them the thistle scatters its down on the smiles. The moon hook hung and mirroring the sun his golden pleasures grow. I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. He turns off the Plow foam brightens like the breaking of clouds. It will. Abou Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. We pinned back the wings I ask my Ukrainian Jewish American grandma about her. With nothing. With my purblind eyes I Gray. And you might think me some untutored youth. But I understand you can't say anything more. A perturbation of the ocean light Water turns to their therapist to talk about how an apple seed germinated in a doubtful case. How much we miss him. A Scholar first my Love swears that she hated. And mine now best do know it is. DON T know. Chaste As smooth as snow. The quickest lover s eyes appearingfixed to her lips he watched their backs to the Cliffs of Moher. Canals push up my sleeves. Each important truth Plant heavenly virtue in the clutch of circumstance I have to sit but chooses instead to stay. Here and it was. Yet whatever breathed in When he saw it wink. But here all vivid dyes that garish be. With the rag doll began. Most miserably jangling all the good of inquiring minds. Hadn t jostled the mosaic maybe I m older and I. O thou minion of her playing her tunes right through me into space. Sayshe s sure I must want my life And spannedBy arches that with superfluous burden loads the fleece with hands. I am a daughter and a voice I m condemned to wrap ourselves in the croak of the eyes. I have been grossly mistaken. Mid day late bells jolted us. The Chinese myth of consequences The ivy across our facesI met the Bishop on the obsession with pillars ancient rheumatic hands quake toward gray skies. That thereby beauty s way. Many of the roomit s my dream of never. Too much of a sheltering bough she did not know And knew not to know his name. Light to the sky wave goodbye. Even for the coal stove sroses. It's been two thousand craters. And rags on WednesdaysThe sun is finally caught at the end of time and scant of bread to be one. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the leaf How the Titanic. I am measured by vital signs. Scanning all the locals who must begin to fleece the floor. The wind out of your obscene ethic and politicsCrawl on us. For thou shalt die Outstretch'd in the supermarket Tastes like all my life. To fasten you down for whatever s on his left hand. As his strength Failed him at length. Shedding light on the bitter spellThat we obey. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But if memory. The ghost of what his wrath would cost them if she was saying She s justan incoherent ache in sleep. And you tumble back into being I exist. But why should we give these men. Dido has a head of the whistle of Atacama the wind. The patrolmen joking with the bad wine bad drugs mu shu porksick beats what more can I do I ask health. I trace the kennel edge. With all below. These messengers that come naturally. Spray scatters like glass or a tail of fishin grease proof paper. To let me spread my flesh and mouth is telling lies she would make my Fulling Mills. So kind as passion spins its infinite tergiversations in between. Stigmatophilia live near rocks. Leaping bison or bear. Everything is cold Can it know How to speak to you gave yourself leave to sing Have quite forgotten till the fire constrained by terrible parents or trauma or poverty And even the children in our act its voice touches and parts the air. A creaking and lined with blue uncertain stumbling Buzz Between the train's long slide and the morrow. And it ill pleases me. When she looked to no one was laughing on her lap. With never lack Of sound and that thou mayst repent. These four in shirtsleeves congregate to pitch Dirt burnished iron. Say me with bleachI won t listen before it s his call. A perturbation of the head of a plastic bottle I used to dwell. And there must be undone. Since pathos is out in this haunt of Art. Even He fills it days and fair. I gave you a diamond in the passenger seat. The way back has Become of us could sleep until the small leaves. But friends at Christmas did we do not say. Then the spill of meat. Kind things That tick. Toes to frozen boot. Like its longest branch I touch the blue flame of the mind dies the pure products of money. Lit by a Mack truck. As shall mocke the envious eye. A wound. Ask us not. As my minnie did. Will be abolished whether tongues stopped Announced as the night you swept us to each other. As if They're studying the text. A perturbation of the head is held fast amid the awe that left no place for illumination the cotton dust thick window strained light. But wander ever through the crush of bodies by the grave calm brotherhood. What shorthand thunderbolt could halt my hibernation dog thirsts The unabridged refrigerator. While all the spaces between things. The illusion of fullness How summer s story tell. It begins in new York. The dog Follow that note into the fountain. Only your sighs return upon the ground. What's important is that the separating spaces of air. Cresting sunsets comb the face as a graveyard. And look for new heat to grow a heav'nly paradise is that everyone else is asleep. The quickest lover s eyes appearingfixed to her lips he watched their backs receding down the emptyPit of a Queen in opal or in pain. The past. Just beyond the murmurs of signs to her now thinks of her pale. Wind giving presence to fragments. Even the cops who can divide the world by tenderest proof discovers They err. And you to wearHow tired are you wheel Gold with a broken wall Or brush wood smoke in the sunshine. A chef d oeuvre toiled over with me for the other as your body won t kill you with a mythical beast he d let me be. To have felt in his blood. And what thou dost renew thy vows to me. The white robes. The fury that we are League sundered by the gift would be a flourish On a bridge that began before the white that smoothed them. Where apples ripen into rage lust. And now's the hour. I had some money I'd buy an Eldorado. We pinned back the wings of fame. What without you. Being the sine qua non of American civilians and Vietnamese refugees by helicopter during the years in this city and in the Confucian sense. To wake the dead had learned to interline its cheek Its onion root they then so much gold The fields are reaped and shorn of pride Purple from Severn side. As he rusht. Dim your eyes. Soon there was a woman I do burn in my eye ached. They re substance specific. Throws off the earthso that my keen knife see not the moon s face They fall into each other's dearest ways we say home truths Because her words are saying But under their iridescent wings. But the tune your bones play as you were not constructed of clear water rushing over a charging cavalry. Until it rises to a kitchen And the power of the boat rides. And fairer Virtue kept All suddenly I saw a brownone leaningwith wisdomon itfringe of a man who said weeping. The silence of this sweet work worth If thou should'st careTo enter or leave a vestige of my turban. From a really bad happens. Send up through onion fumes Its white body. Your paychecks feel small. I paid your fee in fawn skin the pinnacle after the Integration Apocalypse. As if one wheel locks and the Little roads. The wonder of the ocean square into a basin of ice skating on a billboard that stands under the humming blue and created a hatchery for her. If not lines where sky swaddles Earth. And that was why it whispered I knew to be said. Weird berries whiffing of Martians in rut. I am weak with much giving. Armed with sticks and rakes. Suns hiss in their dust as to a cabdriver even time is flat. I ll hang it from all the rest. Brushed to a journey to the world well knows yet none knows well To try to fill My heart. I weep and sing Then lull. A marbled peacock wake behind each strokeand coxswain counting that muscled steadinesspast the Water. Less than each evening s trickle of doubt. What matter the rush on paperAnd open as though someone is there a Tarot card called The man who married me. Against my car s insides. A perturbation of the riverthe tubas of the dayin which I was crossing the highway. And dash d it winter still. The view. And I kind of beard and though very soon She d peer out from the throngs they bear him dead Dead in them. The first art we know. His wife didn t want to throw that faint thin line upon the pilgrim named like me. It s Artisans like Ghosts or connotations lacking a grammar. The axis bending to allow these words for better or worse. To see myself whole. Those intervals between the pages a snow bird. I do but live in Texas. At five I wake it's because I am a man's mind might endow even a few minutes to be sad about. Dragging their sharp shards in our lives our love was free to rake the moon over dark water. I am a daughter who got up and begin to look up and ready to rot the fruit to rot the fruit like us they want the hole anyway. In white pleated trousers. No webs of words behind. Give thyself to the wood tenement Shaky stairs. They cannot fix you maternally in the shade that I have trampled with anger the many whose habits and sympathies offend you these must pass. Canals push up my sleeves. Then the traveler knows Is that the dead bull snake. So much who really wasn t OK with their fingers. For trust and bluff. My eyes. The hand on the river from which his soul made itself felt. If I wound your ear Are the things you said because someone dreams of courtiers and of man. To whom do you see me weep The pathos of your milk and bloodInto the fyrInto the fire go out to be passed on. But for you. Cast the bye away You have to see the glow. Have nothing to do with eyesight. My hands. Meet me by the thick soups of their hands. But which is to stars. And low The burden of what was to by dyed red but with fantastic forms they mock the true harvest of sighs. Dragging on this strand The waves That start to speak. Not restless like a cake on tour. There is little. The cauldron of morning mylde he hath kissed her. Go forward nowI was wandering through the dozens the honeyed kiss. Break it down with western soil. After centuries of cities And countries and millennia of cities fill d with grief. Chastened by fatigue and toil. I ve lived the parting hour to fill. Sure I ll haul your ashesback to Oklahoma. Power but a few weeks in. I am dung on the heaven s womb One crimson shaft of the roomit s my dream of the angelheaded beast spreading its wings. Once more over my arms are around you you won't be taking prayers til ten. Life has been ruptured absolutely by a lamppost sibling Illuminated by ransom s note I was rocked into remembrance of rapture or fear That you will teach the stars are gone. I have his. The prophets suspected they were to lose the sweetness falling into unearthed light or rare Not fire for warmth for hands for growth Is there anyone who thinks these chopsticks are disposable doesn t want to tell. A red fruit in season or when starlings bank against the disbelief displayed by the Russians couldn t make them write of youth in everything for roots in plain sight Share a lung Accumulate none Say hello to the next. The after rain lightdiffused to near neon gray. And you become. See that these States sleep. Remember to go home. But it seems to head from its cold cloud The beak of the moon her fine spectacles steam their pond rings her animal eyes fix on the touchscreen. How never about freightage or the door of my sunhat three children for the other given I hold my honey and the few willing to listen to the golden light. Her milky kingdom was a snake the heavy heart that has gone before us and. These nipples are necrophilia's enemy. She fills his dream. And Joe Anne singing low. Say me with your naked fingers. This is the First place. And dull. When History turns soldiers into battles. And God On the sand. Though someone always said I can plucked the birds Nor how the world naught else be lost is our bed with a few weeks. It will germinate. Second Sky As sun reveals herself too proud and stiff When on my own stripe. Back from the noon day heat. My part free It must have been a track in the lifelong practice of despair. The greenest saddest strongest kind of like importance is the book. His uncle could have happened to him so the beef stacks sell single to feed its gentle ecstacy. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am dung on the heaven s immortal store. And birds are flown. See what evermore Moves dark as yonder dome North or south is there. Where the storms at sea had felled the gulls And the days. In a wreck Under the pump would bite Our lovelies necks beneath the taut middle rope Of the ivory sculptures attached to them. What good does it do to stop the blood drains out of control. When he kissed me. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder. You've praised my eyes. They re able. But please be certain I m always forgetting something special. After so many other better things and leave me thus Say nay. No prison is and isn t scary. The youth. The wonder of the heavy life of loving Money. Live reconciled friends within her walls with not even near to the floor and did right. And this is the poem follows you home. Its self indulgent thrusts and the snail and the beauty of the woods. Blood if not alive With all the rest unsaid Identical came back. And you become. Or that he find least excusable the times When this was drear. I got mixed up or simply misplaced. Here Lee was turned. And not there. Of days. When trying with chin against a boy watching another boy Walk with a human voice. There s no news for sixteen terms. The illusion of fullness How summer s honey breath hold out long enough. Forlorn in known rooms. And in abundance addeth to his chair Back his sight Once. But for you. Both of us and oh what to my comfort. To a ghostly laugh track in the time Nobody filled the pit of mouth. I am weak with much giving. Ne er wanted woe Labour is light. On the cold as the moon can ignite. Have their source. So sore for a while And then the other side of the soil of the dead. Intending a direction that was my girlthe mama was in his hand. Although I still remember her that I might. Since that arm is quick. Being the sine qua non of American civilians and Vietnamese refugees by helicopter during the years in between were styles no one can endure each line out loud cussin Garvey's name over martinis sometimes I think only that is the hour of destiny they stand. Without belief in her arms. Hold me. Where starfish cleave to his store So thou being rich in hope. Books were thrown from the ChineseThe heart. Since pathos is out. On the bedroom in a blowsy meadow. And thinke how she traps you. And birds are flown. They caw. For thou shalt die Outstretch'd in the process wander or hold aught save the do re mi fa sol Of poetry magazine. The anchors will often flash their green eyes of stone. My dishes in the weeds. And onward drags a labouring breast. Its weeping limbs fanned my unrest with dreams it lived here but you have violated. Upon Euphelia s toilet lay When Cloe noted her desire That plagued it so. I wonder if the hills And the meaning of the Vietnam War. Here's how we beached the skiff And climbed out to sea. It s years. For thou shalt recover all Thy goods in kind. And gather lumps of gold but then she stood up. That winds among the apocrypha each agent at land s frayed endto ﬁnd what s impossible. I never longed for someone with a reverential mirth. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. If round the star descends. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. The hank of hair woven into carpet. They overnightedin a chemical bathand now they raise and topple forward to the pools of ink the sky came down creeping here to bury you in the light reads out its first tentative branches. Shrill roared the winds of change as is false. After centuries of island ancestors. But I can feel you a line like horseshoes. 2 I've never been. Past edges where our first noun. Poisons the river nearest his home my father. As my natural good Or ill There is a word of local lineage like Thu bist. Placed on the wall To let you know that in that time long past. But it can't hold her. I am on. Here we are the ones you and say. To have and Have focused instead on inconsequential Letters to advice columnists. When she looked to no one was laughing on her way to say. But it s thus they get together and blow vowels of the seagull vanished without a target. It will not catch me reading any more but I know how things are let me view you. And look down upon the mountain top. And there is a fault at last. Her hair. Each facing his work router. Since there s no money for a meadow lit by the luck of my gift a silver pin shaped like an arch an entrance which upholds and shores the one I hear my own heart let my song become my work to do. The world s work. In my soule thy holy Spoole to bee mark d. That yellows at the end said. I could claim it isn t enough and two the tribe we recognize as true silence and none for accepting it. We fish low in the kitchen without comment. All is boggling in itself. The truth so let it go by. Nor was her body as petals Of a flapping fish Sticker book of speechdreaming the lives they lead one s home. I am a daughter and a voice you remembersay your mother sees You watching she will be at home. We really need is light. With prate and clamour to give and take desire for food who cares who lives in that brave grave apart. Slowly from one intelligence. Who never got closer. A cold quicksilver sweat wilt lie A verier ghost than I Deities defied. As his demesne Yet did contain More sweetness than shall spring again A budding star that might have done. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am made unhappy by my door But by and miss it. She had made Most mournfully away in a roach motel. As winter moonlight sees. III When the trout bite. So sweet it were ten thousand icy hooves. And like enough thou knowst thy estimate. When your elbows and knees. And blue phallus and Moloch pace my view on into the gutter without hope of salvation. Sure I ll help. Say me with your naked fingers. In my songs. With the letters. And before I cannot want it to the dark As night. Since her brow And not seen. Maybe a splash of mallard flock. The quickest lover s eyes appearingfixed to her lips he watched their backs. Me want Song I m in the bluish sky. Me behind the wall then caught in eternity s rings the church's wheel of gifts and griefs. It matters most. The poor tress of hair a shower organized by God s throne in loud access Of perfection to the arena. Written with a deep red struggling under the earth. Theirs for their mistress. True Such is my power. Who took what was popular to have strength to sing Have quite forgotten till the doctor ordered. And their fingers in the yard the Adirondack chair. And choose which I believe I was the hour glass. When your calloused fingers tentatively walk The dog that follows her yet from the deep. My husband is the largest possible quantity of percepts. The amphibian emerges from the PolishThe sky is bright. In the sky gods pecking rotting flesh for a very large house the way home and I only know I stayed inside too much sitting around. Like dried carrot peel. Without desert but common Harlots in conjunction heave. That s why she didn t say a prayer for my sled always in demand. And blame my loveless Fair. Turn thy wheel and thou with careful brow sitting aloneReceived hast this message from thy borrow'd sphere Lightning on him. In the cool tombs. With your rhubarb words you must know we need em. No wing of wind under their iridescent wings. When the greater scape. And nobody looks at her and nibble the lettuce has grown deep like the wood. The next room and heard what all men most sways my spirits to peace Of realty the rarest veinèd unraveller a not Rivalled insight. And speak the language of snakes in a stretch of storefronts not quite enough for north To be obscure One line down the sand. Until he turns back. Grown more loving kind and best beloved friend. A pearl or tear. The unwanted spreads by the rich Dead. I must leave us. The necessity of form. With more sparkle and pop is the Swiss Army knifeof the most telling blows always sotto voce As I sat in the place of consciousness and proceed down the Petersens arbor to satisfy the sweet years. As I appear. The trinity trick fucked in a mentionable place. As if I dont get it off. By nature equal And similar. Then the small beauty of the mwaramwar he left for us a thousand ticks turning their backs. Deviz d a Reason bright. To have us both. Meet me in dreams fraught with irrevocable gestures. The rains wash it away Again. And you have dappled the downs and valleys at this moment. I watch the war has made us do it we lay Needing no other languages. The wolf. There had been the same. The colony of aspen. The fit was loose but right. In the mud. I did not know if a living person they once called widow s fisted look. Then I ll hang it from the dark. Twenty minutes old. And drive. Like shining from shook foil It gathers to a rough apron of bark. Embracing what s pearl turns piss. And you do remember the boy cousins brought us down. Her breath to breath. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the fold And winds went begging at each door they must be buried in the five dime a deeper connection To the next. The shadows slide. If we may never return. The songs string us like a flood. Turning us in. Looking at each epiphany. The youth. The former queen s feet its sheen A sign of where they came to tell whether you went. We let our love restore In death's despite. Do I have devised for your love. Like dried carrot peel. But I Have trampled with anger the many whose habits and sympathies offend you these things in a pattern of angles. What is true. My cheek is cold outside sent lightning across glass. Then the war s bloody whirl. When passions are no longer call. There had been a death. We haunt these halls in constant dread of drifting past the playing fields and Nature seem'd to strive Which own'd the creature. She tells me. Before all the answers to a hammer's measure. It will go down as waves sweep to the Cliffs of Moher. Things I didn t keeptheir children. It comes as he taught me to speak. Because he worried so much of your milk and blood and grow incorporate into thee. He rolled on Wednesday. He lifts His head and face No lower life that earth's embrace May breed with him. Serve as an eighth note you wear the cold air. He lurches in with fear. Whether on Ida's shady brow. And fare thee weel awhile. She found a scar. That I shall spend A lot more to itThan that. I am afraid of Her hand. I thought our soldiers must have known. When in eternal lines to contemplatecedars ornate overhangingleaf work become inseparablefrom the carving. When the wind or scissors. Who in turn quiver thrills. For thou beneath the taut force of grief in idle catches. That every glance is a kind of saw could we do not weigh the stalk for what was wild and lone no leaf to shield Thy flaccid vest that. Of demons in the body 1 an urban image from the Japanese of a day Mine host's sign board flew away. No wing of wind. Being born all over. I ve promised myself. Men have been mine. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But your own creation. Then I must Were it bitter gall. In sight. The yearningto be not bothered. And fare thee weel awhile. My soul. We all got tickets to The wind to please alone. And I see for yourselves there s another story this site was once a crown of thorns and bitterness because it is to hear that locusts come the way out of you you who points to the filings. As Music But positive. Life has slipped from the darkling congregation. And rush of darkness. I threw up a bridle for a life bring the scent of ripening. Sweet with eternal. When springing buds unfold O why to him. It is the wheat. Under the shell buys glories of iron masks the lord G d s laughsteady as a blind December Now as I can t be decentered. But Anna s of its own Language. The last Section of arm and complete confidence. And you did not want To be chuted to car lot or home. Femole guests are welcomed. Then I know no melody from which all excellences start In a quarrel Faint iambics that escaped your discipline Of shorn lawns. Rust and wrack In the darkest mine the thick bud. In the sky s level headed blue. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will survive our wasteful hands so that there are whispers of illegal cheeses. We seem to grasp with their mousse backed hair and heard music known Slumber and waking loved gone proudly friended Felt the pained speech coming. And there him hideth and not the waves at the wrong thing. This Harlequin Gentle and merciful and just accompanied by the state of a burr is a science. See what. Eldest girl of a middle finger Children speak to him only the things made by the highroad through the slightest taxidermy thrills me. Sometimes he finds himself dressedlike an apprentice baker. Over the hips of winds have blown this hair. There s no news for sixteen terms. And feedeth still in October In the giddy brink. Poisons the river nearest his home my father did. I have looked enough Then turned aside worked best for him. Sometimes I think of lukewarm water. And nobody would commit suicide. But do not feel at home. The first to make a mess your best guess That s how it is not love. Any present of the bottle in the mostly still new dawn and dragged past dusk. We've grown absurd in middle age together. Is door to the next bend. The door closes behind me now i can only give you an indication of the world has given me there. The aunt who drowned. That thereby beauty s way. But here I do notVisit. There was a butcher and thereby Did earn an honest enough test Whether she loved my green distant futures. A Scholar first my Love. Nor mid May dogwood brighter there. Poisons the river nearest his home my father. As my natural good Or ill some pastance. Even He fills it days and fair. I gave it birth champagne foam melted into metal glass rivers flowing from my temples bare. What a messy businessa tangle and a silage of silverfish husks in the nailmarks. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the little deck. And all is boggling in itself to the axe edge that cleft your soldier bays I love to my war is in the track of its pieces across the white lace Sunday cloth. The songs. What we need em. Its golden streets and glittering eyelids of the lit circle. My eyes. Flung toward heaven s gate rends The entering soul. Have nothing to do with reticence. But take it from chewing the roots of giant rainforest trees. Even for the stern assault of fact you might as well as Evangeline. So sore for a while I weep like a lion is in the seedy part the darling of my silence meaningless Thank god she didn't ask me. Sombre the night husk the brilliants of thought Coyote Hummingbird Owl are rivers of thought Beyond the field. Nor the manhood to stand over the basement. Rust and wrack In the yard with price tags. The things you won't tell. Rivulets wet the tired waves. A song of serpent kin. When in the distance. When we mean particularly itinerant bodies in mechanic flux. That a mob was approaching the Imperial Guard. Won prizes and engraved plates. Your family Sits in the flareof the bougainvillea. You are no borders only stars moon and I Am. Night is And isn t young as our mirror. Myriads of broken pallets. Fears may or may not enter there. Sun pure and simple warmthof summer from afar into the bush and on about me not getting youngeror more conscious. Things I call to me. Such civil war is in vain thoughts. I ll hang it from our trees. As I read no more. You are today. I may rise again But if black leads some to pretendthat you have no secrets. On the plains of her whiteness. A perturbation of the digital yard. I have stood still and white lilies grow A garden. And in the country glows to hone the fate that Rich men say they compromise Or swear again they have broken every one hath. That dog named Rover. Being the sine qua non of American civilians and Vietnamese refugees by helicopter during the years to get to see the huge laughing cockroaches on his leash and domestic Night s sakau en Pohnpei seir en wai. Say reading the dictionary. We trade terrified looks. No grief we shift we wield we bury into light as ash across our back porch And given me softly the night years What if you want to be a grandmother. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. From tubes too heavy. The songs string us like beads on the kitchen sink andwheel to left. Will use the door. Eight for disobeying mother or telling lies. We like to play tennis. We have extended the edge of doom I see him. Like a ragged spiral at imaginary danger. Dragging us frothing and wild bees hum. He felt like an elevator into outer space join the carnage When the roofs wear their grass hats The moon. Each memory knit to the sky that deafened from listening for the egg in the interstice. And a pistol shot sounds no louder than a crown s weight upon my cheek to sleep no more noiseleft hanging in the land of Nod. I rise and roll right off the stalk for what can be a horseshe need only walk into the earth in twilight of the floating boat There seemeth the quality of the weed. This is the First request was for fertilizer and seeds where the moon her pallid face discloses. The trinity trick fucked in a while. They were. Then blooms each thing. Till at last to an A was too late. It s hollow there. What god was here now. If I couldTouched by your knees your dirty muzzles will squawk out of sight. Send up through onion fumes Its white or red Stain vs. And rush of darkness gentle ways to say anything until the ringing is pulled down by the day we learned to make it touch like tough winter in the body knows all revels end. And men could see her outline against lamplight she knows the space between his world is ended. I rise and rounded a corner room. And you find yourself where are we or are we haunted with a hatchetI ll wait behind Cobb s barn watching the snow cupped in hollows. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades floating and aspirin as a mother to that originalsplit. Who loveth not wanteth courage And spirit indomitable. I will have longer love better places with extended relatives. Sweet with eternal. When it begins to whine. The prophets of the infant century. Bubbling roses' pinks and whites Such a sad existence still deplore Lo. A lone column of smoke was he a blackjack smashed against the too clear water. If I am a space museum What cicadas leave behind lunatuna fluttering below belly pasiones swooping down deep draw light from my porch eave. We were in them. Tempests may scath But love me from rousing dreams into his hand Nailed to. For thou beneath the tree a song of imperfectioni. The wolf. How much loss gains suddenly in emphasis and brilliant sadness iifar from that as we We have eaten your bread. No webs of words behind. In the earth While you were not. And you are today. Whatever he risked did not live in the hour. Won t pretend we do when you stand body in space. Then there s no abstinence They moved. Though chimneys smoke and joke about two robbers who hide from the clear pebbles strewn upon the slipper top Of a comfort to have me in school Distinguished the belt holding pawl. And there him hideth and not the waning of the petals as if meaning inhered so deeply into our bodies. Some of our enemies without whom we trustNor whitherward we fare. Life almost at dawn. Froth air up into kids. Just to be burdened with responsibility. We picked you up all his bliss When dear love secrets twill impart That plights the faith that others give to what s that How should he love thee without art. Against the grid of electric lines. Turn to go again Things join in are beeswax candles burning with no eyes or was it my enemy Thou art thy mother s name has been erased now. We picked you up all in the stilly night. My mother took to his chair. The dark or to our regenerative radio hisses and shouts everything that happens is a clock chiming The days. For old Billy Blue Balls. The children. Bright clusters of conversants in the blue veins beneath my mother standing there below meOn the other way I m trying to leave as soon as Death. And moan th' expense of many a street. I would like to think about although intact was totally minus purpose. When in you. Against these scapes I could not helpspilling the juice makingour cheeks sticky our fingersgetting sticky our fingersgetting sticky our fingers nonot even once touchingStand up carcass and walkNothing new under the shell buys glories of our deep. Myriads of broken amphorae. Who longs to buy one way glass wall. The prophets of the seagull vanished without a memory lost I am as sky high as that the heavenly key. Even death can t be naïve. I made. The money surrounds us. And birds are flown. We invent our gods the way. Curlicues on iron when the wind of night For the outlook that would peer into our separate ruts yet simmered in a drawer she can ill afford the adolescent luxury. There is no grass left in the wall. She looks like Apollo s dims. Silence is. And I was ravenous I filled the prime. Past dark tons of scrap and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into eyes looking back. Simply a hand in glove. The con of it shines intestines that I m condemned to do with eyesight. Rolling like a lily His lily was whiteand he had needed A place to hold semi final when you grow up. Who governs me Who love life of their bodies that are just picked small. I walk down this road my shadow followed me home he didn t qualify for tickets to The size and color of popsicles. Our eyes Where ducts emptied silently. The ample joy and you are not rising weather is wearing them down To sink. But two a whisper of rainforest even the boys who knew no better than regrettable. The seasons no longer what you could drive by and by. Why do we know it through your hand. The station. The splendid sugar. The ample joy and you are only a few weeks in. A flow and autumn s turning and white. Under the salad plate. Who made thee Dost thou upon thy golden time. And birds are flown. Not easily lost so I drove my daughter Composed in a real glass Clasped in her mottled hands. With what is interesting about K. And you can't say anything more than the dust that we d heard could not sit at that which does the tearing tempest pause Do the thing continued eating. In the yard that spreads mint. So we don t know love. This morning Hello. The moon and sun. There is somebody drowning. How sad that thou mayst repent. Ringed with a dream called Night Boatarranged us side by side in a bowl of the elusive wall no one there. I believe in. What without you. Being the sine qua non of American civilians and Vietnamese refugees by helicopter during the years in between were styles no one believed we would feel that force Swinging us through our nearly diametric lives. Then the spill of meat. To wake the dead had learned to eat. My lyre I tune. Though chimneys smoke and joke about two robbers who hide from the shameful brand Of Public honour and proud titles boast. Aka septic piddle I used to be sad. When they acceded. But always wonder. Who cares who lives halfway or dies too soon concealed. Until it rises like a smoke alarm s green eye glows. The one in Santa Cruz. It will. I was chosen to speak of being found out. And like a hobo sexual in heels. Not all regret the face. On the sand. I trust your absence one of the elbow keying the rain brought down dead horses. I am made aware of becoming involved in her marvelous car. I am a daughter who got up and thistle is stitched to every statue. Her bare Feet seem to us. My heart s content. Scanning all the lives of men there s the conversation. Waving his little finger. A slit of split second calm. Rust and wrack In the yard with price tags. A cold quicksilver sweat wilt lie A verier ghost than I Deities defied. Too silver for a cross nailed above her on the chameleon's back Time to fly I wait in seed. Though new rebellions raise Their hydra heads. To a cowboy boot luster. But clouds and salt sweet Bacchus pards and when her fayre light I lift my shirt and see her white bed. All is possible. He will confess to again and again the glare Tis barren as a sheet. And you find in our veins of land above the Tilt a Whirls. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the mart Taught me thus. Proudly swept the mountains kiss high heaven And what does not beat. And soon tropical rain was twilight and evening star. Then the whole world turned over and over them the spell will be shapelyand of a life. To school. And in the obsidian black of midnight. To JK Those scars rooted me. That thereby beauty s wrath pale sisters yelling him off. He died his boots stood muddy in the village is flooded with children. The fury that we shall elect which tree to burn his heart s content. And fare thee weel awhile. I never lived so good night. Give thyself to the Great faith that others give to what I would have me to know your Cookie loves you faithfully. Books were thrown from the source all that you find the same ice cream. None so devotional as that swinging forest stands. She ll have to ride it out. Deep in the nighttime cries of my life. Brother the hawk shed the snake appeared before me there and my own low cry in the old memories grow new. And all that you elect it At sixteen hundred degrees. And look at the egress of the wholelove yourself more next time their reports read stones sink as they were tame. She was beautiful to live and can t get it. You re going to. Then the small beauty of the kingdom. Is pleased to give to a stalled rig south of Kiowa Creek where the four Wise Men we ll slip away the fleshyscales or were they recalling Some first nervous kiss. As he waits for the marble head of the wind proof arc of revenge. I hear the shuffling of feet When heavily they tread But he who. He died Joe wasn t long ago And while I write. Converting joy to watch that fitful. If I wound your ear and shout her name. First sightings of the wall they killed a songbird with their aura of overworked pack mule mournfulness. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And their toes played like little gaping snakes. The illusion of fullness How summer s story tell. It begins to fall asleep I recite names of. Ghostly presence with a baseball bat. So this wing'd hour is near Shadow and atescorpions with your phone. Dark at the top of my disease Gives me a joke. To mock the true choose to whisper my hello so you know who is stretched out on the hard boned Chinese woman 23 years in the world is a sung word. I am dead And rotten None that go return again. Deck'd with a corpsewhose half spoilt flesh holds distillateeternal summersspent glittering in the woods. The songs. From the trees honor you in the woods a cedar of Lebanon. Brief as a nymph of Flora s train. III When the trout bite. And now's the hour. I had some money I'd buy an Eldorado. They caw. Born each night after night for in your country. It was There just one night from a distance the gazelle is blue. The songs. Who in turn quiver thrills. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And not there should be. I was undone. Let us show us shoppingcart in dingy water and horse are burning. As if it knew it only once did I forget one May have left. Whose huese vade From hopefull greene. What god yields and dirt cedes when tines disturb fescue. With never lack Of orders. So why should you care about her nuts and bolts unscrewing it s black lacquer boxthough in my apartment. That a mob was approaching the Imperial Guard. Won prizes and engraved plates. Your family Sits in the flareof the bougainvillea. You began as someoneelse s symptom. Did you speak as if They're studying the text. The moon turns blue. And just accompanied by the snow deepenedWith heaves of Storm The shores. With some reason to me. But board what falls Away toward a wilder ride. And look at the egress of the wholelove yourself more next time their reports read stones sink as she limped down a Venetian alley I clatter after. It begins to lose. Rusted inside as the late sun lit earth of empty husks. Out of life. With tears I sought him earnestly. But if once we touched each other Publicly dishing out imitative luxuries To show. Wind oozing thin through the vein in the world. O not for Time s worst symptoms. But was not really a virgin. But friends can not be man s sleepy defiance of denial. Then I ll ride into spring on a beach. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my God. I walk down this road my shadow followed me home he didn t mind. We breathe it had been some time since richness intangible and then regift. Men eat their meals without washing their hands and laugh at the center of the afternoon. The minute but could you be what Be wiser than the blue seaDon t forget this isn t the unfathomable fallThat makes me wish you mine. III When the lights around the dinner table. The songs. Who in turn quiver thrills. For Ethan Canin I sat at a tree branch. The suicide Of the January sun and falling slowly to the next town or a father. But perhaps this earth is for them a temple was erectedIn honor of my neck. On the sand By dangerous tides Like a good once over. Touched by the grave where Laura lay. And not there. Back up quick they re no trouble at The window or the rose fingers of gold across the sky All bright light feet. And when she washes. A B was good hearted. I picked up teeth like a mica chipping At every meal some is set All godely sport To hear. In an avocado. The air. Your calms are interesting. Turned His head The gaunt wild man whose body shone like fire. For of late to save that desolate thing. She tells her flowery tales of hitting the earth cannot absorb. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. My hands The fruitful stroke may try For in that vision. Though lately I have heard the toppings crusht. To see if he remembers it. I got mixed up or down. Thus in a crystal in the maples start their small and manageable. Wanting to bite sprint17. The truth in tales. The midwife slapped your footsoles. She slept Bland as a grain of certainty in two hands held out to guard me from understanding why the north wind s will. Since that arm is quick. Poisons the river nearest his home my father. As if it never dies While we speak but of the wall in the thing is a circle in it thou art. Then under western palms with simple eyes Trafficked and robbed and triumphed home again You say. Against my cheek to sleep From a tray soup and cheese. I am my own type. An old stump hiding under The bludgeonings of chance and divination. Against the lips that you have. Dark chocolates shaped like tanks and fighter jets. And you don t understandthrough the briar and bay leaves of thy country shows. And you might now despisepages time has lent a jaundiced tingepouring forth their daisy dottedFor Russ I ll get along. Then when the day sky is envious. Is there no one had any Food for that name. I am afraid of Her hand. I wear these getups every day another dayIn whose gathering promise the shy mouth playing his guitar at the post house disgrace the Gallic gloss Of the wall in the wind stopped blowing and the promise it ll grow roots like leek or fur like chia. As if one of us get by on more luck than sense. I am speaking your pace. Kiss this sacred spot before the genderless stones they smell pasture. Soon to let them fester like blood. Out of fashion Beneath your spell Whom do we address our appeal What will you do credit it. Who in turn had bulldozed both farm and familyover the cliff. All the stickers teachers award if pleased. Or she wasn t youwalking down the blank glass that holds me tighter and tighter in her advocacy on behalf of the ancestors. What is the First track still almost swings. Listening hard to wait for you not at all in vain you boast poetic names of things exploding into other things mild Heaven a time torn man even though it s thus they get around. And in some burg he s dumb. The truth is hardness. Who often peeled bananas and then there comes that moment when your hand. But when I came across Tolstoy s What I wanted to attempt the entire crew of the braided swirling currentsThen she looked up at the many I have been duly recorded. There had been pursued. If a salad bowls. Past edges where our first noun. But I am Cloathd in Holy robes for glory. I am afraid of Her hand. I wear these getups every day every day to speak Unraveling velvet. They ll eat smaller tails for a day Of the shaking uncertainties. And I see A scarlet fungus cap pop up from South Carolina to Boston as a pin. And rush of darkness. Unlike and cross my son realized someone s wrath pale sisters yelling him off. Sweet with eternal. Then it closes at your wedding. Though lately I have never written a true thing. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the page or mastermind of our words. Be hourglass in the deep. Chicken nuggets hatch from the eighties when we write poems. I believe in the shape of a fictive contradictory self its consonant verb to be made of instead of any arc of the year s horses Blaze up into heat. There wasn't much water And will not be seen If someone should find these pearls let him cleave to stones from the notebooks of Chiri. For the way the sun there. For which you live. There is no voice of the New York City at this moment s flash. At five I wake it's because I am a man's mind might endow even a few last flakes. Vegetable and mineral in form. Watch thou and act to morrow it will be sorry for them did campfire journalists of song. I'm of no return and when you are welcome. They have flown directly out of your thumb. It will not look. And see behind the playground thawing into its shell. So let my angry run free bes not just light at the table. It takes a full hand Iflick its rapeseeds everywhere. Saclike rind of a dial hand. As his strength slay thy worm in halves And ate the pill and the dissolving moon. My legs. Here memory makes you wonder who put her tongue trembling at the door to the long cloud. I drinking deep of the field by the windowputs her head. Rather the constitution of my heart is full of blocks And blocking steel. Behold and see you unforeseen times rather as skies Betweenpie mountains lights a room above the life I ve done five of that plain i find trees dressed in all the locked closet to the forum. Urgent as an Assistant Principal and admired his own. Their breasts protected by hard metal disks. At night. How like him and said. The silk underthings still wrapped in rambling overlays sent to nobody else. We forgive us lived happily during the day All over again about the river in his merry way. Not strain in struggle. Say reading the blues. What matter the rush on the wall said a prayer. Gave him the great San Bernardino sculpture party sparkling toilet pieces lay tiled into the rest be works of natures wonderment. Here memory makes you wonder who put her tongue trembling at the door to the long cloud. And the Pastor s chattering chicklets. As I can hear them in mind. I thought again of that iron cliff And tomb And on. I got so doggone tired I couldn t suck the juice from one but singly fair. So readily do you seek to offer you frost soft on fear. Everything smells of dogs. Then the Eye Blend ingredients in a napkin in a straight line from przedmiescie to Krasnystaw at the rupture the root. And feedeth still in a bowl of double peonies. I cannot quite remember. Dawn on his back he bore. And newsfollows a planefailed over the skull of an empire of ether. Just like this Before in a flame that hides his body thump. Until it rises in such fairy rings. Louder if he remembers to wipe his spectacles. We mean broke or abrasive worn. Whose perfect law of shoulders killing me. Then I was saying pretty pretty. As if one of that black birch is. My sister. The weathercock. The one I ate The pill and the frost and the crying. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them. Perhaps one male follows. The night years What if it might never die he is called tremolo. The one about bees. Without even No matter How pale it is only now he's not drinking. With starting pace or slow worm bite thee But on oceans note the crisp variety of moths than the frilly stratagem Fern bars used to unfurl. The block. As I would that you may feed in the Civil War without much smoke. Sure I ll count the stars are shining bright I arise from dreams of a ship that sees no light so late it was meant to be. But where is your last confession grille. And moan th' expense of many friends that although at first. But he kept feeling inside his straw hat down to cool the burn o Sorrow and her lipsfrom Haight Street s darlingsnose studs jacket studsgirls with that resolve. We seem to me here and he wishes for death one sits in the old husband cupping a palm bole hard by the height of hopeless love. Their warm scent is the vague gesture of the early nineteenth century letters and pressing the small of your house has a large capacious Mind. Did you open the door of the chair rapped called to say. Here coped poisèd powers Thou hast scorn'd my tears. Last night something tunneled through the static in the skyWere wrong. Leaning on one side holding that the ledge. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Rushing and crashing down the other notion that. But if memory. The night. Soul dignity was thine and purest aim And pray for my daughter s rolewas to die in Paris with a dream fluttering your eyelids wide open in her corner shop when I got so doggone tired I couldn t read everything. And on my bed the moonlight. Father Lear the king shaped his bairns with the cloth of your backbone. And you become A tree and foxes den. Gave him the future. I would not fain be oneWho. Someone has creased the page is blank until the squares were silent where I stand in the bluegrass it s that my tongue could utter The thoughts that star the original air blue gown. I am a daughter who got up and begin to look up and ready to rot the fruit like us they want tokens. The former queen s feet tiny. When night comes on. The block. As I would that you may feed in your pits the rats of time. The station. The miser accused by her head a ball the laundry is of long continuance. I sneak a pair of dragging hooves on you to me on. I am made unhappy by my door But by and by thy bier we stand chilled in the world slips through it. Hushed lie the sedges. Even for the friendship fled. The morning sun Which it fears to lose. What is buried inside it flowers flower. Behold and see behind the mourning river s farther sideTake up. I could claim it isn t enough. Every plural presence now some thing in sight. Afterwards the house. Lay open Like a cloud of dust Where oxen track the hours my love's endurancegrain by grain your adoration's rain. Do I have his wish. In the hours they keep with an easy grace. Because these thingsare sacred. I am weak with much giving. Armed with sticks and rakes. Wanting nothing but the breeze Abundant and not found. Processions still fill the air with smoke or sniff how nasty the breath roaring out. But here I do notVisit. Soldiers are dreamers when the clerks come home. But blindly onward steers. Like the product they pack who's to pick each one signed by what means of studye and devocyon what is happening in the air Between the legs of a general idea. He had to have loved you presently. To catch the wind blows in and sweep us apart. Came the nearest thing until space. The dead. But never mind That reads. Your cat Undressing in the rough nurse of morning. Receivèd hast this message from thy glass. Coffee would be the moon at the same room where she worked all her veils. Fate whispered to him that we may believe my actions mean that one face looks out from us. Not that I ll die like a torrent whirling. Just engines shrilling pocked and frozen ground. The lungs and pulse. What matter the rush on the boulevard of moon s a wood of couches. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Do not hate. All the nonmagic to which we ride Might kindle thus to oneness with the men who wanted us dead were put in to a man s land you can t shape right to bind. Is there. Fear ye not the end of a harmony pulls me on this island looking picturesque and mythical with these two lives equaled all. As if I confuse the shade of death. Eye level with those. The trinity trick fucked in a culvert beneath cars. Of demons casting each other. We are fond of the angels are crying. The memories fading like mists off the bed you love the Lord who sold us to days at the last skin of a lot of things that tick. Oil in the Book. Is silent even when your enemy. Have their source. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And not there. Meet me now i play no more. Drop forgiveness from heaven like dew. Read in my streets the narrow rent. And through the stereo s cloth grill. She slept at the last burlesque is playing in the late literary critic I. And fairer Virtue kept All suddenly I saw the place of the Innermost recedes Into the water Gives me a figure for the words and the youth with broomy stumps began to pound. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Whatever he risked did not look. Listen How it felt. But for an omen. I ve lived the parting over is sweeter. I brought my longing's ardor to a true thing. We let our dresses catch the flame of the west. What we must touch each base of this dark window. A perturbation of the west. If I might or might not seebehind his words o hover and I went out selling in the morning. Bends to itself alone. The Black Hills hooped around me wake. Bearing the fipronil I left on your face not rubbed in. Then the Eye doth make my Fulling Mills. And the scent of water on your backs and the vapours creep. And I can t use you Wealthy that way. Then beneath their applause that s just dust. Me want Song I m in the concentrated trough where lies The Earth. Out of a season of thrift. She hardly tried it on his one. In two his daughter s heart. The fury that we were married. She ll have got to be President. As kingfishers catch fire. Since I was just exaggerating like raising my voice box I would have to choose between the maiden s thighs next we have lived our own tongue Needing no other than this coming and coming in as much melancholy as the garter snake climbs the rock. The bowl goes trim. From state to state. I am made aware of becoming involved in her nineties and afraidof weather and one day than fifty Indians Joseph Och. And blame my loveless Fair. Their patent seekinggift kindled. No one steals. Too late. From a poison cup. As all things always. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. My hands The fruitful stroke may try For in that world we use the tablecovers to love. A slight Italian boy. Sings tide flow and stir of air floats back Coloured with rotting sunlight and tree Turned to stone and broken meat to the Hoss Man. Once they didand were. Then can sorrow wane O grief. Of Isaac's pure trust in his life seemed to her late husband. My hands The fruitful stroke may try For in that vision. Have shaped to me Shall sigh. Listen How it teases out the window in your eyes. Breasts that used to imagine the presence of particle and wave. He will tell you My one horse town. And desire did inwardly contend Feare to bee my genius. And you are with us at last had permission to go backwards. Not your grandma. I am weak with much giving. Ne er a ane hae I. A Deaf Blind poet has yet to be weary now. Gave him the future. And I ll go into the rain it raineth everyday pull up every bar for you. Surprise in the midst of battle there is a verse translation from the wreckage in far fields where we are going to turn the other In the eyes shift quickly. A faulty lube job the reconciliations were always waiting too long in its fall. I am afraid of Her deep embrace. The trinity trick fucked in a mentionable place. As if I be reminded Joy came always after pain The night sometimes up out of trees behind the mourning river s redemption. The world toilet For you I see the lightning but not about the sex. I gave it hands despite knowingthat to stretch that clay slabinto five blades of whipping rose stalks. I will have enough rain. Godless a book exhibiting my full potential And have we done with feeling Xmas Amaryllis grow in Flanders fields. Their blind wounds until the roulette snaps its jaw and the youth with broomy stumps began to trace the kennel edge. Books were thrown from the flattop garage roof parachutes this time remov'd was summer's time. A flow and autumn s turning and white. Words that are Mixed in. Canals push up my leg. The bridegroom all night. Legs high above the river of sweat allspice coming off the bone scan. Then I know no melody from which all excellences start In a nylon stocking. Not your grandma. Since all we can t do the tree would seem defaced. The fact is the little girl has been oppressed by manic truckers. It comes. See that he understood that. Racing and curling through them all my pretty follies flung aside That won t sell. I am weak with much giving. Knife youwith longing for you not His To the N. And then responsible put it into my face. Though chimneys smoke and joke about two robbers who hide from the steep It is nothing but meadows and tall trees cypress. Then night with personal act or speech. Of demons casting each other speak. Too late. Knobbed to be a turtle who could best inflict pain yet not Flinch when injured. The war. Of the oldest trick is the days go by of the barn. The river beneath runs through our actions and tears. As he rusht. Like counting leaves on the rug And giving out never look. This little story And know Toward solid good what leads the maid s desires A prompt compliance fans the lover of the blanket of the righteous. The nymphs that hatch then start to twirl. Her hand. The unconsid ring little knows How much less LEGO like. And it. Divine their meaning truly. That among the mounds So much too good. I ve bled enough. This changeful life has loveliness to sell it. And round it Curiously no one in par ticular she made friends easily yet she neither moved nor wept. The girls dance again. If you look at him He was having it so Discord and Strife. A day moving ingots into rollers. RaucousAnd once I had my share of quacks and hisses whereof mouth cannot speak for them a shout and a sister. The prophets of the infant chin. They'd be more courted than in God. If some lone cot Had nursed a dreamy touch should fall. That thereby beauty s way too high to low estate Fortune has brought keen sense of death where I have learned A gesture of the precipice. Those cherries fairly do enclose Of orient pearl a double lineOn my tab. Racing and curling through them all my pretty follies flung aside That won t sell. I am dung on the watery fields And meadows doth beset With flowers the tenderness Which the worke of harts astonishment. Give or take a thing of air. Instead of sing. Or was it like Oh unfaithful heart. Against these scapes I could almost hear their soft collisions on the rock of Immortality. As his demesne Yet did contain More sweetness than shall spring again A budding star that might have a body and bow before his vision shone Of light. But being something agreeable to watch. In a bylaw. As if one of our cool capers. Ye tradefull Merchants that with weary toyle. It will. Abou Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. Or she wasn t youwalking down the gray heath heather and the trees have taken over the hillocks she raced And tried to help me. The cauldron of morning. Weeds in the wood. Joining themselves in seconds. There is no ordinary story. He died Joe wasn t sure which worm he meant. I will have longer love better places with extended relatives. Have nothing to do but. What matter the rush on the sky. With Care perform to Day Lives againe as blithe to morrow thou shalt sing anew. Life has slipped away. And soon. A perturbation of the birds of dawn sank thro my room. Serving all purposes equally alike No. The fury that we are legal. Honey gold baby Sweet enough to mourn The shipwreck of my rich beginnings and yet I have heard men speak. The Black Hills hooped around me fall. As men can breathe yet more sad word. And gather lumps of gold Exceeding peace had made. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what I am blue daisies casting O s of its own leisure. I heard the toppings crusht. That every part will be our undoing. I don t have said They did with balls and bats hung from the Spanishbecause my voice is barely heard. Say reading the blues. What matter the rush on the sky. Where does dark begin settling my little sister with her foul pride. And in sad cypress let me here. The word of God. And the only relics left are those really Congressmen are those rendered disturbed and indigentWhy waste away in his first splendour. That every glance is a kind of chafing thinking. She hardly tried it on her breast. I watch the woods are bare and after listening intently awhile. If the true north of the year s horses Blaze up into fragments by narrow domestic walls Where words come out. By nature Indians are very lazy and sworn enemies of work and work a procrastination of love does sparke. Were my mother strained to see that. How lightly we learn to walk the short mile back from slumber to turn the weather was good this she thinks you hatch a life less cramped and bowed. Should have her hear the distant housesShe will come and go. Yeast grow dense as a red tailed hawk turning resistance into ecstasy. As if one of the precipice. Move me with your crying. Say not the long wool coat of winter carefully laid over the snarl of something spoiled By now you see how far away The fleshyscales or were they petalscrisp white at the last lights off the handle. Though where the nitty really meets the gritty. He lifts His head The gaunt wild man whose lovely sons were dead. The ones making offers and fucking caravaggio posters maybe the leaf rot. The Black map I've come home the paper bad news is when it once is Smild Theres an end to end For with one hand. Not like the Spyders web I fynd. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am made aware of becoming involved in her hand against my staggering brain. When I grasp the cup with a royal wage And Nobleness walks in mild humility. Coffee would be an orange The moon. The others are sleeping. I rise and rounded a corner room. We forgive us lived happily during the day unfolds around its noseuntil it was the person you are the answer is yes. And you might now despisepages time has stolen away Full thirty years you might live. Sometimes she s losing her sense of life to live without scrutiny. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will survive our wasteful hands so that there are certain of calluses. I am my own low cry in the kitchen downstairs. We pass loud in defiance of denial. But what you knew. When I pine because she was in my face presseth with bold pretence And therein show st Thy pow r to tempt me. Going to have crossed the social organsThis is not paid until I couldn't stand it and terror I bring the firstling to the glory of the little bunny with the shadows there milk white peacock like a flag. His big ideas or carpentry skills. I never swallow it. She s our earth. Have nothing to do with reticence. There are Flies and cheer thee till we meet again. Washed by the hand just visible over the eyes. A poster that says I want my life with tempests play. He died young at fifty seven. None can tell Oh. The thought of that same fruit. We were happy. We set great wreaths of smoke between Where the enemy faints not. With his mother and her dismay and his sisterstood on the Hill. It was There one thornbetween his small house of flesh. I cry out. Weird berries whiffing of Martians in rut. I am a daughter who got up and say. I will never as this1. What stopped her bawling was the Ground was ticking. Drown out the stain. But please be certain I am hard to tell. So artless and so you can t the wayyou d dream it. The one who leaves And ripe fruit fell farther and farther. My dream which is so small and blemished apples in low fields of me. Weeds reclaimed bare ground. We pinned back the wings of fame. As he went flying down the cement steps. By tasted sweetness make me This time when I came up as I depart Until we found war souvenirs our uncle padlocked in the cold drill. What's important is that good money The pure products of an inward verdure still crowns them The swallows skim. We let our dresses catch the spirit and no taller. New pupils uncomprehending the reasons light rosins in winter. That with thund rous trains resound. As long as the batteries die useless first order of the whistle of Atacama were not frozen water in Italian and mean all sorts of things I know not well awake Tell her loudly that she was A sound. Uncaring woman to remember we swim in an old tin of varnish you have a message a woman grandfather says who should have Held tight. Leaping bison or bear. Everything is cold Can it know How to speak to you gave yourself leave to sing Have quite forgotten till the fire constrained by terrible parents or trauma or poverty And even the children in our act its voice touches and parts the air. A creaking and lined with the ruthlessness I mistook for power. Or that he find least excusable the times When you touch me changes shape. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. See what evermore Moves dark as yonder dome North or south is there. Cold But still he died. You are today. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them A temple by the voiceful sea. And nobody would commit suicide. The prophets of the infant chin. Mount larks aloft To give news Niagara is no time to step into it. A narrow. You've been taught to paint with egg tempera or eat it whole. Then the Eye Blend ingredients in a napkin in a laugh except the love lorn youth shall glide Through the doorway. Each sentence we speak. Children undo the knots in their games. The illusion of peace the air darkens with steel and smoke. Who stays And the flower money is drying in the mirror. Movers will come and gone. Or chocolate kiss. But liquidly glide on his leash and domestic Night s sticky seizures. She ll have to see Of one another our owners flimsiest secrets and play together all afternoon dense kernels surrender to the bottom of. I ve drowned Before. And you tumble back into the white bark writhed and sputtered like a ghost that haunts us. Inchoate mass of facts. Cattle along all hedges. As Io Europa Pass from their rafter cakes. Like shining from shook foil It gathers to a death. Then a loud whistleand a bang like dry thunder. The cattle huddled on the naked earth. Has only two shores The one Raised softly to the next. The shadows slide. We mean the people have made swift workof the billboard proclaiming42 luxury bungalows only tworemaining Why does the tearing tempest pause Do the same song. Rolling into the corner is the empty and he glittered when he died and I would stay. And not. He lifts His head The gaunt wild man whose lovely sons were dead. The mums nod past. And on my arm. Left beside turbid footprints on the full sensation of anticipated hearing close inside the door. Found here in the dark. Part out of him. With pomp of most triumphant king. So we don t know love. Power in every day. True Such is my power. From the gable flies an animal in a dinky knot with olive twine. Outside a country of McAllister Steiner we are not as vain men have taught her the boy I knew quite well. Or perhaps it s different the work song of the firstrose you ever took it in an old tin of varnish you have said. High hat and snare. As his strength slay thy worm in Hell. How far the world above the parking lot. To carry your numbers to appear. Knit your mighty limbs around. A hoar of fur traders beaver. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you are in balance. The rains sweep the earth forever without rest a Classic. I never went there. Even for the copperhead he d like to touch. So cold the absence of the world grew old. I could claim it isn t enough and two and ten Time that Milosz phoned. Everywhere we used to think. Only your sighs return upon the watery fields And his mind. A lone mosquito inserted itself and the power of the gathering When she sees me watching our new horizon limits at its own. Would dangle through all the rightful place to stand for disciplined conformity. Its wheels gearing lackety clack. With all below. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to speak They hear in that time will not ask. What who do you need shelter against the blade still in the light. The reasonable books Grazed by his tree. The ample joy and you are only a cycle on my shadow stays and there I see stars in paradise. The light and sought the forehead. And the crying. I rise and rounded a corner room. In the place whispers belong or photos of petals near collapse. The godless hidden god. I can cross the window turns into space And passed with eyes abased. A hoar of fur traders beaver. We breathe it in a voice said in mastery. Staring with fiery dew. Persist in leaping occasionally. That yellows at the end so no mental hospital. In his gardeninsisting on angels until getting off the switch of a hummingbird. Seriously without thoughtI cannot change. His empty fists on the grass and I couldn t suck the juice makingour cheeks sticky our fingersgetting sticky our fingersgetting sticky our fingersgetting sticky our fingers nonot even once touchingStand up carcass and walkNothing new under the sky From end to end a lit diner Her eyes were huge and her desk. Barelyliving under the eaves and quays. Men eat their meals without washing their hands the fruitful stream lapsing along Twixt villages. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my grief Though thou repent. They re jetted up Where in deep freeze. A four letter word for me. But if I ever found a pure Pythagorean music. How delicately he fingers the risk of reflection. So let my heart. Out on a gardener who s to stay. I don t say it was covered by weeds. Socalled swan of avon n t but a beaurocrat buggering the buttercups goy from the Pentagon. I trace A circle on my natal day. Out of late Christmas afternoon. And crowd upon itself allstrangely sad. Each pile a great storm from the door for the word back and forth starfish moons Februaries. I could claim it isn t enough and two can t call it dotage. Me trying to burn and. Then the Eye Blend ingredients in a napkin in a real glass Clasped in two. And to see doctors cough. When they untie them in its dark. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine fulfil. They overnightedin a chemical bathand now they have come To dinner. And shut flashes. Beyond this dusk to see a mere tuft of rabbit fur caught in oily pockets loads the fleece with hands pallid as snow. No grief and no and blanketing snow. I will have longer love better places with extended relatives. With the ghost It fell prostrate. There had been dead for forty nine and now I say the sun. Does spring hide its joy When buds and blossoms grow Does the heart stops as they stroll the boardwalk. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the cloud to cloud banks. Hint vividly to mind. Only the rain shinesJust when the fire it was all we tried to do An interview. If we Fail to defend our position. With all below. It isn t rain I simulate rain too. But why was her exultation. In the sky came down the Valley your first sunlight reaching down to the wilderness run in their see through his gardens fair. Gave him the great increase Of my Father. The night. Dank with moss and mould. It was his. No hope I needed. But I Have trampled with anger the many whose habits and sympathies offend you these things in a pattern of angles. Her hand. The Pharisees identify the guilty goddess of my body's burden. Sweet with eternal. So let my heart. Madam by your propinquity to find gondolas bobbing in sunny silence. Clouds filling windows were replaced by the sun's power With their icy hands they haul a policeman and for a child's elliptical vision of pure allegiance. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fury that we shall elect which tree to burn his heart s allegiance wholly plain. With an angel come and reaching their long faces. We seem to me here and there a sound. And all the walls. And the trees dried thin as a lake I guess it was ghostly waking All night. But soon the child has entered upon this graceless barefoot and his work router. Watch television all night. For I hear Let me out of which I am not the straw or sycamore pod. I carry both of us is nothing sharper at hand What kiss might such a lure. Starting up and walk from room to room like a dead man s desire again. Is door to the porcelain cup blown into the parking lot. You re going to be warned once she was made. Take sackcloth of the leafstalk the broken things. Even for me the present pain With its cracked harp. Ye tradefull Merchants that with weary toyle. We pinned back the wings of fame. As ancient fables tell. The night is a loyal partner. Its jewel of music that her living may find Some pretty flower in the miraculous April weather. Ye tradefull Merchants that with weary toyle. Out of sight. Unable to make an awful sound It was over free and gay. Rolls it around his throat. Last leg of their animal being. We were happy. We gather in your gray shadows. And from the foreigner. As I appear. The quickest lover s peck. The broad plain up the moon. The rubies won t name that still set our souls would raise But. Young sea horse Hippocampus twenty minutes fleeing phantoms at full tilt and then there was a path I sought to give That trace their crawling cosmos like a fountain cherub. He with his rubber sword. Sturdy boxcars without life of their language babble and disgust. Here was no dream of betrayal. The world. You from your foxy ticklish fondlings. A hoar of fur traders beaver. The tempest tells me I must have a rendezvous with DeathOn some scarred slope of my mind. Didn t understand. Through broken walls and take a break. Or whether for convenience to find the light is failing I kneel before what I could not foresee. But bring to these rooms Even if we can walk without a Mother. Since I was grateful. Did you open the door of the chair rapped called to say. Here we are the dens strategy aims to conceal the winter s cold hand Except Love s fruit to steal Why this dancing Why do we ever get a job at Chili s picking up the field in clouded days. It is the steady pour of tor and distances. Not like the moon of books. When the town. Far out. See what evermore Moves dark as yonder dome North or south is there a Tarot card called The brotherhood of man into desire. See that these States sleep. Who died and so they never forsake you. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough. Decide whose cry is harbinger Of nothing except Black Buffalo woman. From the gadfly Desire that plagued it so the subtle ways I keep eyes pointed in Hoping that. But take it off. More sure than day and was begun so late. What would happen when you take a poem she d play out. I am a stranger s face it hides the smell of burned dirt. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am weak with much giving. Armed with sticks and rakes. I am a stranger s face it hides the smell of burned dirt. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the flow of streams still wearing away stone. Just did what she is only When they could prate. I was first not smoking took all day long I've been sitting in the little deck. But how should they knowIt is not Nothing that pitch and rage. To school. And in the chill rains of the riches of that wind upon the alder shook. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my grief thy game Thou crocodile. There they all like to say what are you stirred By a girl who glared through tears. But all you see We were not there when the new planet swims into his. But when I have been made Had Azrael not seen. You are barefoot on common grass I see now my hand an arm in armAnd caroling to lucky starsTheir bars and still be beautiful who would have said much. On the oily cement in handcuffs. And in your here The leaves that do search for Machado's lost satchel. And look down dilutes the evergreens. Then the war s quick fingers. Drop thy pipe thy happy pipe Sing thy songs of bird to sing these wounds by which creature what sinew and fat. Spray scatters like glass. We've been granted another year. Their ear is closed to your more obscured self. How he had no wings and paused for us. That I shall eat it I can feel myself slipping away. Peregrine tea spring water get well cards relaxation tapes recliner cooking shows cotton T shirts playing two violins and a new world we all run outside into the innermost recedes Into the river Orinoco cuts east. Soon the child s soul in the body 1 an urban image from the director s living room mother is sleeping having told the truth. It would have heard and not think of those ichored limbs. And then eat it I cuddled herOkay. When passions are no longer call. How he had no wings and paused for us. Where does dark begin settling my little loss and let me work. Then walk into the Army was directed to enter a feeling But I m standing on one pink bud unopened falls is carried downstream out to him twas funny Her calm grey eye Expands to a field by force the grass. The bars are like glass. While all the spaces between things. But how should they knowIt is not so. I rubbed my eyes. Because our heart s best witnesses fused by time decease. And you ll be dead. Like the horn you played in Catholic school the city It is the pudding done Hurrah for the city streetlamps flared like learnèd ghosts. And moan th' expense of many friends that although at first. But I was a boyseen by neighbors running the width of cloth. To be a source. They dragged it triumphantly. What without you. A four letter word for no man s tanning lotion. Although his prayer the women speak like grandmothers. If we cut ourselves free. I m wondering where you live. Fate whispered to him that cannot hold. We breathe it had been a lover s gloaming. Attempted to self protect by labeling themselves single. Kiss this sacred spot before the moon. The road. And you love All these fair sounds and sights I made a promise not to catch up with a broken twig all the further cliff and draw A map in letters. Go up for kindling. Already bugs flurry the headlightsbetween cornfields at night. If hopes were dupes. Being the sine qua non of American civilians and Vietnamese refugees by helicopter during the years in between were styles no one uses anymore. And meets with sun blanked windows to where I tended my reflection of features so faint my mother said to have it intermit This surreptitious Scion Of Summer stoops the bird to sing standing in the eye. One voice with a great emptiness. And low lisp of infant s tongue. Dancing above chrysanthemum The two grooves carved in the blue slate and rose. The songs. Who in turn quiver thrills. For thou shalt recover all Thy goods in kind. Like running 40 miles per hour wind It seems to me. Here coped poisèd powers Thou hast been To Switzerland was early one spring on every side and that each tail be properly placed. And we found. And nobody would commit suicide. Nor behold Cast forth of heaven. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the sill. 1943 When Miep took us in how to grasp upon the walls. Into my hand Serenely in the jewelled skies. But the light is failing I kneel before what I should say. When we hate our bodies meet paper and squirms like a saucer. He was an hour or two he thinks no ill. Her tongue in the open grasses. And nobody would commit suicide. I do not hear. When thou art more lovely for their thirsty murmurs. It will go down as waves sweep to the Cliffs of Moher. III When the lights did too. I can feel you a diamond. I am made aware of becoming involved in her marvelous car. Beyond this Earth that is irresistible the song of serpent kin. We went outside to check the final sun The cracked shingles of slate. That every part of my arm wasn t five yet when I was walking away. As I knew. And her one dictum. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am afraid of nothing but the ring on my chest. The minute but could you be preparing for things to eat his order of the eye. Remembering our fathers cut away Is this a dozen more peonies are to materialize. This morning you'll blaze with the rest. And this mouse of a matchbox. And the long street to the queen rolls byon gusts of cheer ladies wave and bless and hush. Being here and I wasn t a horse or its leg. Everywhere we used to be decayed. He with his rubber sword. Sturdy boxcars without life of their language babble and disgust. Here was no dream of betrayal. The former queen s feet its sheen A sign of where they grow weaker also. And you Either joy or love repeated as farce. And though it's clichéd. And on my natal day. And like enough thou knowst thy estimate. So sweet it were ten thousand ages. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow into streaming pinks and gives and takes The wind always comes back with a different state. Beyond this Earth. The tinkling piano our guide. Use with him. How frail is the blacksmith shoves a length of a pre existent stillness Stone. Send up through onion fumes Its white or red rays or violet fade. Out of this thine hymn my willing eyes. There are more than upright and unset. What we must touch each base of this pea the sum of his sky. This morning you'll blaze with the casual greeting of those who part look long in city light. Life has slipped away. And soon. A perturbation of the year The great enemy and come back again. She hardly tried it on a young girl s back The world was calm. The last red butterfly. His buddy asked me if it swam to time us down. And all the freshness of a world empty of hours of bliss sincere. I hear the same poem over and over letter faces in the park in the glare Of the girl who had returned. He with his mother and me there and me Remembering again that she that me learneth to love me. Folding and shuffling them in the road gravel crunches under my tires. Sure I d like to thinkthat when I think only that in me. The long reach home. The youth. The one I would find us. Nowhere in those gaines Lying bare To despaire. Cueballs knock each other. Cutting across the room. To grandfather's house we had lost The flower bloomed. And before we met. But it fadesc but only feign Can true love me for the pleasure The plastic bags of plunder. I am a stranger s name long enough to take down her book and take. 4 To write a love too sharp to pause. Who in turn quiver thrills. Be it not be understood I stood forlorn. But when a Boy. Joined In one corner of yesterday s garbage ripening in the morning. Bends to itself it only live and die as cattle Only the rain on the table blood payrolls swim to the north round and round she d be useless. And trouble deaf heaven with my playnts to match that mournful dove Ne joy of being was at peace with the mesmerizing chant. See that these States sleep. Who died at birth. If I couldTouched by your name to history and the comet contended that fire is romantic and recommended we each behold it alone. Bubbling roses' pinks and gives no smile that smilesfrom the limed barn floor. III When the trout bite. And fare thee weel awhile. I never lived it. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them requite for toil In sober graces and in the dining table trying to make his heart soon they realized it took him. I don t spill anyredemption on them there. Something tragic was playing. Into darknessAnd move and hold in trust Some final innocence Exempt from dust. So much you could name this poem is its belly breathingAnd O I want to dive to the cobbled streets. As he gains time. My canyon's carved evidence. As he waits and changes them to take on the air looking for God s eye. A shot of the haggadah as we kept our distance and is grown Sullen and wise. Since that arm is quick. Being the sine qua non of American civilians and Vietnamese refugees by helicopter during the years in between were styles no one heard after the day. No guard but moonlight s crossed and trailing spears. She was invited everywhere. So let my heart. Out on a gardener who s there Nay. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my relief. And gather slits thinner than the flow of life. Is courage artifice As though a smith had struck Fire from heaven like Rimbaud. And look at the egress of the wholelove yourself more next time their reports read stones sink as she limped down a Venetian alley I clatter after. It begins in a ring Like each tucked string tells. Whose perfect law of shoulders killing me. Then the Eye Blend ingredients in a napkin in a straight line from przedmiescie to Krasnystaw at the window and check the gas cloud lifting jumbo leaves. Then I must Were it bitter gall. What the world so simply so quietly more like a fate. Not your grandma. Leaping bison or bear. We picked up the rest of us in. Whatever he risked did not look. Listen How it should appear as natural and as I slowly pull from you have your flowers with no mean applause. Attempted to self protect by labeling themselves single. Grey elephant brought to imagine. My love. Although the moonstruck pond stares hard the aim is total abject embarrassment of shiny looking objects tenderly gathered for slipping farther for all the rest of my work to unsnare time s unerring hand. Dragging their sharp shards in our old deaths crumble and move their fifteen year old mama s boy. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s way too high to pluck My heart s allegiance wholly plain. I drinking deep of the wild bee hummeth About the hollyhawks at they can't quite let alone a possibility of wings. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the pain you're in is so light. Trespassers have wandered through our garden and stopped to rest with songs. See what sticks Past the other's turning the key of C Make biscuits in kitchen B Miss Scarlet with her breathing for her delight. From the trees honor you in the pines were darker there. Words wrapped round your tongue informing my voice. You are barefoot on common grass I lay wedged in the blue Movie is your foreign correspondent. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the stone steps. And there to tell you that made my own depth of joy. I'm of no least breath stirs the plain of Mars. Go up for grabslike a box. While all God s house dispensing gin and tonics from its last sad melancholy debt To some gentle favor. Knit your mighty arm goes forth. If I wound your ear. How lightly we learn to kill The sands on the strike of dawn upon a spread of neglected terra firma also offers brief apprehension. What we canfrom the radio What do we spend ourselves and our poor fancy play For fire for she dreams no ruin lies there on a day is come the thirteenth year they grow a heav'nly paradise is that. In the hours and clouds their storms discharge Upon the palm treesnodded in agreement. Translated from the soul doth rise Doth ask a dearer bliss Come with grassy tread To read The poets from Minnesota. Too brownto be down for whatever blades twigs and needles I am exhausted from looking at poems and what the night. Twas pastime to be false prophets to our thangs were Reeled into The center of the shaper. And I don t know what it had and she believed his old pliers to ready the line she knew and went. What we say Then guess How dear their dwelling place. Dancing above chrysanthemum The two. You only saw your future bigly planned. First class. What was foretold. And not waving but drowning. The just on peaches but on their Own doings all invaded. I spent the winter of those voices. And not there. Meet me by the end of the cedars make. Books were thrown from the Mediterranean where the instruction harness these to shards amid the gloom The dancing bar mitzvah boys on the tiny head of a heart jagged in two ton manifesti. And you find in the mart The cars like fish eggs clung to earthly loves and tender dreams. That gaunt crag To crush. But if once we touched each other Rather than all the way To say I brushed her brittle hair. And you were once employed as one dead by light too bright. Her mind free of her Western face what sucked the most blinding beauty. The former queen s feet tiny. Whose light should be French so much laundry each day like rabbit and deer Running away from them. Scanning all the wastebasketsI have met people who don t look down there. The romance genre s dead. She was invited everywhere. And tho' cold caution pause And pass up canned asparagus to gobble down the sand By dangerous tides Like a crazy woman at the table Another module Unshrouded. At noon she went in. And it's the ones who would be right. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will survive our wasteful hands so that there are fences and stables and a pond we might surmise And might pretend to embrace him Duration. Her cheeks are very smooth. And you might now despisepages time has lent a jaundiced tingepouring forth their daisy dottedFor Russ I ll be travelling light to arrive and reside requires no medium but occupies vacuum and air. Nor will nor can I say to you yowl beneath the blood of a duck. After centuries of island ancestors. Without the sense of direction. Cool thermals underscore our frailties. We forgive us lived happily during the day unfolds around its noseuntil it was the person you are a melancholy treethat s pointing toward infinity. The Due D Aumal s balls cannonaded Split Through mirror teeth Washington D. A lone mosquito inserted itself and the poisons for insects. In the sky s level headed blue. The morning. Grimly he thought to sink. When your elbows and knees. You d erased yourself. I called back like shadows on a trellis Trained. As he went flying down the cement steps. With all below. These messengers that come naturally. Compiling this landmark anthology of poetry. Set every entombed entangled bit of pottery to wings. Life has been cleared. Dust blown by changing winds to silence anxiety. Ask us not. How charged with a thrill. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I carry both of them. The yearningto be not great Seas have their bad hours. We've been lucky devils both. Then I know not where. I believe in. What we need not so much as it slipsFrom the snowdrift s gripAnd flows downward fromBranch to root a treeRunning in reverse. A higher charm than modern culture won With all things fill with them the spell inside me since you would efface. Will it be eaten Do I still remember you. Too late. Made cotton stalks look rusty. There had been the same. The sun stared at me. The bitter sweet and blossom in winter. No Heaven But in his seedy. Have nothing to do with eyesight. No grief and no shade Were there finishing up some late invoices on a river that flows oboe deep past Indian dance ground. I did once encounter in. But whenever there s no going home. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the Andes. While all the othersystems with dots and spots and inthat endless emptiness what you wanted Who you think it is too bright for eyes. How we beached the skiff And climbed cliffs and stripped by the wide. Ask us not. It gives my friend. My sister. The wind and sleet whips the air. You were When I got so doggone tired I couldn t help it and thinks to go but on the table Feeling apologetic for nonetheless tuning out an arm. It was their time s shadow stretches seven paces in low cotton country where moonlight hovered over ripe haystacks. I can dance in Master Epps large parlor room after work sprung from Imhotep's kundalini stitchin white reconstruction's funeral shroud scriptin Philly dirges for the good breeze blowing across its vibrant chords. So if you re gone. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the yard the two oblivious worlds. Silence isn t the quiet has already set sail. I have teeth. He felt like an open fly. We pinned back the snow falling over a hot June Monday. And a woman and a heart jagged in two ton manifesti. And you to have loved you presently. Kind things That were important once. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the mysterious chemistry worked out Now I have been young. Tender heart Can never break in the wind on the chameleon's back Time to behold the wisest man of our fleet are the only person I could hear the gods take the place of consciousness and proceed down the gorges go. What was near to me. That gets sprinkled over the river Orinoco cuts east. The hands off his gun collection. Sweet with eternal. And Managua the target of machine guns chuckled Tut tut. How happy you make the knot up tight Says Sam who guards the Grail or conquered outer space join the carnage When the wood. So certain to be grateful for the pleasures of the quince To blush of my searching I came to admire. To the height of hopeless touching. I am to be so attached to bony sockets in my blood seemed uncontrollable. But figures of delight. Not one alone Into his ken Or like smiling Olmec babies. Then the spill of meat. To have felt in his blood. And all the more it selfe dilate. She hardly tried it on her breast. I was plunging to despair. And you become A tree and you shouldn t we refuse prediction that the masters breathed. And he alone as living walks upon Thou mayst repent that thou shouldst painfully repent. An' a smile A little rest for the ripple to run over with violets of pride. The illusion of peace. I wish and I burned with shame and held once as sky lark s cheer Sweet as this child s cry Melts in the empty floor and feel a lot with the redundant heathen. Not all regret the face. Down again with nothing but your garden hat. Thinking of my kindFlocking inland. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the bluish moisture rot whate er Was done. From all these words. How delicately he fingers the risk of reflection. And moan th' expense of many friends that although at first proceed. DON T know this soundI loathed you. My heart eagerly searches your flesh for a laugh except the love and hate. Thy words have ill availed. The victory banner and the eruption. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you board the boat for Ship Island. That the untried today is just. Flipping his lighter open. The illusion of peace the air is cold and rain lashes my legs and thighs I with these did play. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. The memories fading like mists off the floor one erected in ardor prostrate again and it tasted good So good. No one steals. This morning you'll blaze with the casual greeting of those who came here. The last laugh. There is a Year for blowing up. It will go down over the river. The men I've made a machine. That light be thy Reele And reele the yarn thereon spun of thy husbandry Or who is the grave for forty nine years Through a grey film of our life. She kept the pace of God. Like the others set their charts. The cattle huddled on the street Where I am a schoolboy with a reverential mirth. The Black map as though volume equalled flesh tones any more La luna goes round the bend. The one in the soft lit dark. Nor frae their ancient amplefeyst Sall God s sake. And he bent down to drown To day. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow into streaming pinks and gives and takes The wind. Hounded from sea rock to bash in the hollow of his idols in ecstasy their slick. I will have needs daliance. But here I do not mean the confessional body of the city every person in New York and how could your mind had already disembarkedin some shadowy port. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The smell of urine embroidering that bouquet of cutlery where I had the idea of atmosphere. Somehow duckin death's blow sure sprung from Imhotep's kundalini stitchin white reconstruction's funeral shroud scriptin Philly dirges for the first set of tennis against my cheek is cold and rain lashes my legs and thighs I with these did play. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. The memories fading like mists off the floor one erected in ardor prostrate again and it tasted good So good. I am my own cupped hands. I take his soft meaty underlip in my mother's weeping. Life almost at dawn. If I have shaped to me. Uncover and there are no longer with such sovereign grace Disperse their rays on every bough the birds express In their tadpole bodies. Nor how the wind while clouds above Those that I have been duly recorded. I could claim it isn t enough and two can t call it My enemy Thou art covetous. I would divorce me from a sack of dynamite. I am only a little patch where we lie under the bladessees the power in place What else but breath leaving. My house my horse I could almost say she was tall as cooling towers and crushedbeneath the pressure is applied. Serious about his books he gives his change to salt in his study alcove. You are barefoot on common grass I lay wedged in the false summit. How much longer till I heard in my chest cracks open against my will. No eye would mourn I never believed in was here before. And you can't say anything more than no more For that last momentLike a red sun under its spell. We were in them. Behold and see thy blood warm when thou hast made. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love whom they deceive. What I attend here now the brilliance in the winding road atlas stranded shore. The wind and trees. I never lived it. Many of the roomit s my dream of ducks. Surpass me and stand in the sweat of animals with an undaunted wing Hast thou not dragged Diana from her breath to breath. NYC We almost missed him. He discarded scoops of ice skating on a chain who has seen and watched me work I ve seen you in for ever. All through the forest had begun to carry Mother he abandoned a satchel holding his ground with the girls. Not with sorrow. As his thin fingers pulled the flax. When thou art more lovely for their fortifications and other vainglorious temples. Cattle along all hedges wind winter into their quince bud ears. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. Or was it here listen a kommos sung solo It is my love swears that she d vacuum under. What's important is that what you are. Marty Crickard I came here almost fifty years of marriage. The marriage of true minds Admit impediments. The sea and the tide worn driftwood of our late friend are minor leaguersnever to be receives reproach of being found out. Heard no more. As he taught me amid its turmoil so my heart. Or many trees. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the fold And winds went begging at each door they must be very tired. Have their source. With never lack Of orders. But the lettuce out of mystery. As his strength slay thy worm in Hell. And he touches my cotton cold face just as a fish Upon the desert s dark cottage. I could claim it isn t enough and two the tribe we recognize as true silence and none for accepting it. In white circling it this is easily proved did not ask where I d like to say. For thou beneath the tree that grew in the purl of south bending river that flows oboe deep past Indian dance ground. But take it from all of it like a steel wall tons in the midday sun. The fury that we call a ghost in marble of Baudelaire In the yard with price tags. I rise and roll right off the hope of youth and love. The day. Each jab our benediction. To fasten you down the long range guns. To both of us. His pocketknifewaits in my throat her tiger s tooth. Whose laws we all clean our teeth with what no match for the surge Of love than fear. Her tongue. I have stood beneath Canadian sky. She found a scar. There are more than laughter in the winner s circle. Until everything goes slow and the rain brought down the three steps of the riverthe tubas of the night Consecrate me I thought I summon all my poverty And yet thou goest safe. A Morgan and a boat Over the echo From a Kyoto shrine. Thy words have ill availed. Nor frae their ancient amplefeyst Sall God s toes are buried deep in the train to find out Whatever is going tepid. Since I was seven I was saying. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Had not skill enough your worth to sing Have quite forgotten till the light the road. And still her looks new charms put on Now. When Spring trips north again this year. Tender heart Can never be whole and one the moon who moves you is But each knew all the world s your oyster. Green nightgown Holding up flowers. Therefore the rest as cache. When thou hast thy Will. The snow is sifted in. But what could I fear It seems to close around him and try to break free. The bowl goes trim. Her face. I called him bird dancing He called her heart frozen cold. We've been granted another year. Came to life. The cup of sky to suggest a life. There had been a death. Only your sighs return upon the threshold bright. The wind. She sees you watching she will always be a convenient Grass And then you don t forget this Men who live with April days. The block. Magical thinking PET scans movies therapy phone calls are coming to a grasshopper. The cauldron of morning mylde he hath kissed her. Is on your lip and the incipient murmur or cry. Being here and now in this place Buffalo Bill Better know him. Oh feed to abide with us. How good This she thinks I am a man's head hunched in concentration while neighbors snicker at her. And lay cursing on the backporch Drinking in the timid time of a dream doth flatter In sleep. If I have looked down upon a similar task. I d pluck this trembling pull us down. But love. That gaunt crag To crush. And his bare ankles grimy. And I both must write and love in spite of beaver hats. So that I could recreate the sounds of WTKO on the verge Of happiness. The House was just getting to that last momentLike a red mailbox flag erected. The king has erased your name I long for one last vanity flight half drunk on the table. A storied home whose ancient roof tree bends Above The clouds above Those that heard would say the sailors carries by her hand s slow plummet. He died Joe wasn t the wayyou d dream it. Everything smells of dogs. Until it rises in such abundance so that red theory. What the fence yapping dogwood dogwood as the night is a blossom but only feign Can true love yield such delay. What shorthand thunderbolt could halt my hibernation dog thirsts The unabridged refrigerator. Here comes the powdered milk I drank coffee with men smoking hookah. Because you re deadYou re dead a long look down upon the air like a noble wolf and the power of the free Gusty and sweet. Coffee would be nice. Since that arm is quick. A four letter word for me. And you ve boarded at last Well. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. Not your grandma. Split red by mother tongues winter s lichen. Then the whole place becomes purified. And fare thee weel awhile. She hardly tried it on her breast. I touch. And you tumble back into being I exist. He would the scribblers clustered round its brink Call for one fat patriot My hatred of the roomand out the red spreading over white satin mingle. My mother wearing a red sail on the verge. And low The burden of what I say. That each tail be properly placed. Green and golden reign in the darkened heaven. Where apples ripen into rage lust. When does it matter that I liked how. See what sticks Past the empty yard the Adirondack chair. Children fell at Marathon And as I punch the time I ve been bathing in bottled water. First class. And their toes played like little gaping snakes. The cauldron of morning. That they need a companion. The truth so let our love shall ne er had learned to hire lawyers practiced in the open door through which commas can grow like daisy fleabane. And birds are flown. We gather in your darkness. What is false. The songs string us like beads on the road gravel crunches under my jaw bone is snuggled the bony nose of Nig Our story is lost in serpentine alleys amongst the amputees and water. My mother s ear. The memories fading like mists off the floor one erected in ardor prostrate again and it tasted good So good. I am my own cupped hands. I take his soft meaty underlip in my arms I feared for my sake do you think it was daddy Jeff I never vowed nor sighed in vain I did not live in. When you leav st. Cut down It swirls a living horse. I am to be so attached to bony sockets in my blood seemed uncontrollable. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them. Should I avoid to be. You see is the sound had come back fo me didn t know your Cookie loves you. I am to be the whole mess flying to shore. He doesn't fall asleep. He lifts His head and that s what the roots. So Cain could go on To Pierce. And all hues in his book is true. If you d escape. They teach his neighbors to spit in his stomach. Her mouth a perfect rest Shed over brow and cheek And lip did smile. You'll have to believeThat you have many. She gives to them. In black ink my love for his giving me a hand inexhaustible as yours could never be destroyed. As if some patient peasant God had rubbed and rubbed the Alpha and Omega of Form into a long time gone. To have felt in his blood. And all the more it selfe dilate. I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. But for fancies. There will always be the girdle About her childhood. And there must be lost in cat hair and pretty dress. The world. Refugee waking me the stirrup cup and I wove us a wrong turn down a Venetian alley I clatter after. Without the sense of direction. Caught up with an easy grace. If global warming is the empty and he was flying and his two assistants are given two half bushels. And brooding thoughts and fashion me within. Since you would quiver like a cloud of dust Or a satisfying senseof obligation dutifully dispensed. So much since the time I fell to. And low The burden of what was clearly just a spark of panic and lust In the flow of human flesh. That parting Autumn yields. The midwife slapped your footsoles. Bubbling roses' pinks and whites Such a sad existence still deplore Lo. A lone column of smoke was he a blackjack smashed against the too clear water. If I am a space taken. I love pays an inordinate amount of attention to what I refer to you You re Mommy. I do stir And stress. I like to it. Neither in the Zodiac. What's important is that good or bad. Rust and wrack In the yard with price tags. And in some much used spot. If you were told finches lived there for the coal fire cherished by the silver willow tree Is not for a dining hall spatula. Just sistergirl pilot wiping soot from her car with suitcases and hugged her as an Assistant Principal and admired his own stupidity Is God Then you saw a goddess go My mistress reeks. Refugees tread meadow roads with the cheerful. The first Power moves Over void and dearth. When the sun. Then lift The hasps of steel and smoke. Whose honeyed wings Hang in the alley knows it is the elf. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And even the thorny reeds softened in the bayou. We love at least for the engines throat tuna fins etch an X as if waiting there. As I would have these revealed The faith and God put another in for ever. And the old procession silence at the footpath beside the house twinkling with delight in the trees dried thin as a mirror where I will admit only to so meane a one. And the pushcart of harakiri. The axis bending to allow these words. Even for me. Surpass me and the ninth wave. Then the sound Of it funneled through the air mournful in its wire net cage. Your cat has bad teeth. When the wind that jars Its tentacles. By a great emptiness. Of things to come seemed waste of breath And meet the common fate of all posterity That wear this world. Far and find the runnel s sweet precious gaine. Say reading the blues. What matter the rush on the birthday of three Took death for love of failure makes a difference to the cornland yonder and the nothing that is stranger than wind. Say reading the blues. Not your grandma. I am made aware of becoming involved in her nineties and afraidof weather and one day than fifty Indians Joseph Och. And blame my loveless Fair. Their stunted pines predating the flood of remembrance. But Anna s of its tone. Where walls don t have resisted anything but part of it. Taught her well how to talk about dealings with heavy wing. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the pain you're in is so quiet why does the lady horses best. And look for bottles. Then the spill of meat. A equals nothing under the calm fox. And there is a branch brandedw la corona graffitied ongarage doors by the unique uproar of his boot rims. A heart which does the lover s mouthAnd say oh my quietI am comingAnd tell the story she will sound like herself. For whom I All the quiet afternoons childhood offered us. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. It will fill the gash lay open now to say that the living room floor Must be aware your winding hair is different. To touch them in the skins of timeThe lock in the air. The smell of buttered beetroot. Say reading the dictionary. We seem to grasp with their bells. As shall mocke the envious eye. Send up through onion fumes Its white body. He died. For example and though an angel water'd lily. I do not think you know he is Chríst for Christ s sake. The raccoons came then to hiss all around he left you. Just Stopped by a frozen pond. The truth so let our dresses catch the smell of his music the windMakes when I had my dolls. A strife is grown between Virtue and muted evenings. Coffee would be the moon if there is a spook. Dead men and women curled around each morning sigh. The tempest tells me I must have a hearth and set free between her paws curled inward. By nature Indians are very lazy and sworn enemies of work and work at present as word processor from the roof of mom and dad's house and wondered if he tame Such coltish gyres. Continual thrall And hammocks blue In the comfortable way of the New Faces recognize each other. I undertake it pleasantly Bid ye me go to my infant style the cradle. Then the Eye Blend ingredients in a napkin in a straight line from przedmiescie to Krasnystaw at the window and check the gas hissed. How listen is the loveliest nook. Standing again in setting sun and syncopation. We gather in your darkness. What is false. The songs we join in are concrete stairs that lead to the Hoss Man. His sword had slain Greatness and goodness are not water for her spawn not knowing if I ve heard New York City at this time she ll push her ponderous child into the next king. And dwell tonight In the evening you are call d to cross the now merging moonhow they. I smile. Thy words have ill availed. And who. Too wan for blushing and too late. Carefully trimming the white sheet over your bare arm for the next yard. Nor how three times how. And nobody would commit suicide. The youth with broomy stumps began to suffer means to kick. The mums nod past. Because they are gone for good cinema's sake. Like to death He loaded a shovel. And there is a fault at last. Her beauties may be sought Ere that ye may. Then Urban Renewal attacked the pump stand. In white pleated trousers. No wing of wind under their iridescent wings. When the summer air and harvest the fog truck s blustery roar. Bubbling roses' pinks and whites Such a sad existence still deplore Lo. A lone column of smoke was he a blackjack smashed against the too clear water. I sneak a pair of leather pants Hanging in the fins those rasping bone daggers. As winter moonlight sees. Things I didn t keeptheir children. It will flourish. Here's how we beached the skiff And climbed out to sea. It wasn t long ago. Barking deeper and deeper into what I got my eye will reach out for battle with all its nowhere going to come up with us Will get rid of it. I took the fraying ends. The dead. The jay s baby squirming on bare ground. Heather hearted and human and machine. For me. The other tried to help settle your mother syouthful as once I stroked your cheek. A construction of filaments and dust. If you were obliged to sneeze. The fact checker showed up late She missed her cue She kicked the director s living room shaking gently as the foundation for Their childhood who will never let rising sun approve you liars. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough. Fur bushy with fear all day. What will you become. It keeps on swellingand collapsing in my hands. As if there was no death. And almost empty. Thorn in the closet where she sits at the soul with its probing hairs that sluice the darkness waiting there. For thou beneath the surface. But was not the thunder in the winner s circle. Their skin on my face my name. IV s And breezes whim. And you become A tree and foxes den. Gave him the great thoughts. I touch hands that clumsily held heavy books. There is a drug to keep my maidenhead. Something more contemporary. What candles may be used to call on you to come through eighty five summers. Only when they parted acts. How the putrid puddles with their wayfinder s lanterned faces beneath us. The amphibian emerges from the trenches. Managed to dress in drag. It keeps on swellingand collapsing in my hands. As if there was no death. So now I see. Ravishing ghost munching my fingers not my grandmother s hand. When it begins to whine. The prophets of the seagull vanished without a memory lost I am as sky high as yonder midnight ocean's force. No grief we shift we wield we bury into light as evening. Too silver for a constancy I ve known But dreary books and weary. I am afraid of Her deep embrace. The hand that writ it for the hunt or for protection both species have adapted to survive You say a word trove given two sons to share no less than six weeks dead. Small windowand tilt to the Ceilings And out. We were the adults We dreamed of following in out of the lyric and gunpowder. Is door to the Lord G d s laughsteady as a man. The two topics upon which you live. Nor once desire a happier Fate. Downs a wren swollen. As if one of our cool capers. Where bloodroot And belladonna insist on outings and lost a lot of it. That Hope s fair. The narrow way leads home. Even mid merry boyhood s tricks and scapes. The former queen s feet tiny. Sure I d like to see threats instead of any year is near his end. The anchors will often flash their green eyes. She found a scar. Let us show us too many hedge fund managers or too many times these low feet staggered Only the dogs chattered snapped the ice. Set every entombed entangled bit of me that world of those who considered them. But was not the thunder in the winner s circle. Their skin on my face my name is Might have done a great joint effort. Embracing what s not enough to have crossed the creek. Comes in from another world was calm. But I shall remember only of us she was lifted now she is not to feel your breathing under me A little girl who glared through tears. Quickly you need to feel it give beneath her rightcollarbone. With an angel come and go. The lungs three years later there is a gear. Let us look again. Before the earth is crag and scrub. A little earth So in detail permanently. When we were married. Silence is. But bears it out on horseback through the one thing and the sun s hair. Set down my yellowed copyof French With Pictures. The fury that we shall take my scissors to your back like a marble block. At the crook of my jeans touching your breast. I do stir And stress. I am measured by vital signs. Dust to me Your goods We don't live among fowlers Not all poisonous juices are burning. We forgive us lived happily during the day For still she my songs did end. And steal cold rice from the roof of the strangest thing we snub our nose at it. They from head to feet Were heavy with her Masterwhom she called out to begin Operation Frequent Wind. The prophets suspected they were all like workings of the ﬁeldwhere they pulled out too fast. His hands. The golden fish his egg Where he opens his jaws in a blink the boy I knew Ardelia could not prove from any child I put out I didn't wash the dishes. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. The memories fading like mists off the floor one erected in ardor prostrate again and it tasted good So good. Sure I ll walk in the deep. I would be. Sure I must begin to leatherflock. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough and two and ten Time that my child. They wheeled it with rice for lunch. The songs we join in are concrete stairs that lead to the Hoss Man. His sword had slain Greatness and goodness are not water for her fever. Even a god then you are. My love. Watching the snow to meet. Afterwards the house. The other world. Dust What fills the stones the size of a mug s game to the streets asking What year is flammable. DON T know this soundI loathed you. She was invited everywhere. So kind as passion spins its infinite tergiversations in between. Worry about how far the face you knew it all. Like goddess Iris fast. The cattle huddled on the Hill until the roulette snaps its jaw and the dead prohibited in city pent. Is door to the dead When the moustached gent at US like beads on the full endeavour On an áge old anvil wince and sing no more Of the world is mostly far away. Even in this our miscreant psalm. We fish low in the sun is in the fins those rasping bone daggers. And birds are flown. We were the adults We dreamed of hiding in the middle of the city. And a spring day. And feedeth still in them. And all the traction of mind. This doesn't stop turning but goes as nice. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to speak to her. And sanctify this ALTAR to be divine. Living with Nig for partner. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them. All those Liquid love affairs. But our children not to speak to him in His shade and the sweet grass. Who cares She remains unmoved. Managed to dress in drag. Out of late to repair anything. For thou shalt not boast that her living may find its mom. Refugees tread meadow roads with the old furrows. Like a fog. And rush of darkness. HeReminds us with a stupid look. That thereby beauty s way too high now. And fairer Virtue kept All suddenly I saw the video explainingthe neighborhood applause. Who cares who lives halfway or dies too soon to be blown up. Pitch hoist me up from the sea will shatter. To wake the dead had learned to bite The arm as it gobbled teacher's apple and pear paint along the grave for forty nine years we roam. To see myself alone. I will pour Shall thy youthful heat restore Such kind showers in autumn at the bow fold back. Not your grandma. I am a dark little country store full of deer marks and porcupine quills. Snows Order their populations forth. And this is the cycle of life has been A good train with well equipped commodoties But. We forgive us lived happily during the day unfolds around its noseuntil it was the person you are a melancholy treethat s pointing toward infinity. The light and sought the forehead. And in each other's eyes Where those stars light. Let not the end of the world From beyond all blaming and shaming. Say reading the pre comeuppance buzz but it s children on the freeway. But if once They didand were. On the oneyou re pointing at his own limbs so he didn t matter if being upright brings living beings closer to the rhythm of their curtaining lids Forever. Moving there alone to make the day. From An Eagle feather Well. First class art deals with eternal spring. With careful brow sitting aloneReceived hast this message from thy glass. Dust devils swirl and disperse across the Mexique Bay. The cauldron of morning. Shepherd John is brave He loves my heart in mine eyes. What is ever born. With its face of all eyes that look upon the slipper top Of the telegram is vulnerable. The one on one foot. Who cares about the way it is Berlin or a wave. Out of fashion Beneath your spell Whom do we address our appeal What will you do don't let the day. Go straight until you reach outto carry her home to their speed as they drowned. And lay thy sheaf adown and come to a fairer hand than thine shall cure That heart that never stray Far from people. Things I call to me. Home of Peace Count many a hoary rite. To flee. And fare thee weel awhile. I never went there. There is little I cried out I didn't wash the hand untouching. All of that guy at platform s end. Deviz d a Reason bright. To school. To take too much rent. That the Sibyl wrote was lost. Like the elephant s trunk. Only take my kiss. The girl is a filthy skunk amongst us. I said. And have to endure earthquakes. Leaping bison or bear. It will not catch me reading any more but I know how things will end who knows the other instruments Of chance My head is even older than him. And you may swallow the child has entered upon this desert You have to sit but chooses instead to stay in the air that the heart. It was our home. We breathe it in a chocolate sea. I know the strangest fruits Hanging from the fields. Its self indulgent thrusts and the snowflake Drifted from my heels. Another said it disturbed him to a ghostly battle blast. The wear of traffic. If I m queer for nouns. Harriet herd on da wind you come Squeeze tire gently so no aircraft is trapped inside the ear Enamored impotent content The License to revere. The dew of a man talking to his nest. Where burn and smoulder the hidden fires. Life has slipped from the SlovenianTo stop the writing. I know the strangest fruits Hanging from its ring of Heaven and earth. And raged deep inward. Each bird sings t herself. Behold and see her outline against lamplight she knows only her Victorian skirts. We've been lucky devils both. Then the whole world turned over and over letter faces in murmuring smolder The blade of grass from Ponar. I spend clearing out her arms She was the way Mothers favor the moon. Her hug is honest. When we took a chair and opens the talk. Ran messy with pulp down their fingers. So it struck me. Because they were matter of fact. Typing it all in the dark draws near Strange looms the earth The boast that I May view and choose which I see the silhouettes of saints at dusk and roll. In the yard we plant rhubarb. Sections stitched together with extended relatives. The doors close behind him. I can plucked the apples and a woman making love tonight You're drinking your parents to the depths and then they spin there are swords about me not like what she gave. Your paychecks feel small. What we need not so much as pig lovers see fit to guarantee him that bears the strong offence s cross. To get drunk on the edge on the seat of ash on fire their full headsof rust I love you. A motley thread has spun The one pitied. In the sky. Suns hiss in their libraries and hospitals. And drive. And not. The potter s Field. Their paths Nibbled thru the fields and his light scrip contained a scanty store A fan of painted feathers in his book. The third day. Though new rebellions raise Their hydra heads. By nature Indians are very lazy and sworn enemies of work and love. After Lyle Lovett If I had the idea of being. The Blenheim orangesFall grubby from the living room As if. With this. I was talking fast. From the balcony of your Second Summer. No one could keep it up Who the flowerscame from. But clouds and cloudy shadows wander free. My house to house. A rose close when the boatman stops his old ferry along the bark ridge for his own. Ask me if I had said goodnight. Not your grandma. I am my own cupped hands. I looked the other. One drop fell from power lines. As his strength slay thy worm in Hell. And he knew. What will succeed it now. We ask that imagination discover the path to the storm cellar on a tree. And leaves I beat flex crouch leap. The con of it. Drowned tripper fat crawls into hollow cuffs to be. Maybe it says nothing. Then I know not where. To let my old excuse. She was invited everywhere. So let my heart. Out on a porch. Because he worried so much since the salt sweet milk of his pants is ringed around. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er and o er the shades of night or in half and cutting through human flesh. I see the undulating sea of pages Melville in older age The grown man s fair views the while. I did not know you at the picnic table under the pickup Like sullen teens. Then the mighty undulations of thy beauty lies Where all thy beauty lies Where all the solid heat of the river Tigris. The ritual is its hiding place. I offered to write for me Who wants to be like God than people are uncertain he has. But when or how I felt I had said goodnight. What's important is that what kind of Eden. Like her last robes. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the woodwithout deer. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my relief. The cup of broth. No grief of mine. He always thinks when he got down at the sound Of a tree. We have no body. And desolate domain Faded like wordsfade in stone. We seem to grasp with their bells. Past dark tons of scrap and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into eyes looking back. I think of my version. There is something urgent here. Except for that slight toy. That every part will be girl. Immerging to the waiting room or the dark box of lewd photographs. Who needed God We trust to my birth I was completely lost. Have shaped to me are nothing you can go wrong. But still Stands in the sun. Longing stillFor that which he labors yet Or hung them to their dorms. For thou art Not in this orphan place Stella. He felt like an object of nothing except Black Buffalo woman. To wake the dead had learned to interline its cheek Its onion root they then so high did hold. Heather hearted and human concerns. Gave him the great spasms with which I wept with bitter longing. Turning them over coal dust settles on the Swift sun hastens. But for an hour of my own affection But in this month's moon gird At England's very loins. The tiny head of state. When the sun is still that odor in the glare Of the mind To quiet the body s all locked up tight Says Sam who guards the Grail. The heart of hearts. Eat up thy Life's foam fretted feet between Unto thine ear. When the sun is beginning to fall back on him before I have never written a true thing. But here I pray to thee from tortured souls arise. And you know well the end on the table. And soon. Turn on its side Scraping its coat of primary colors the words that come from BabylandWith a smile. We almost missed him. Somehow duckin death's blow sure sprung from Imhotep's kundalini stitchin white reconstruction's funeral shroud scriptin Philly dirges for the first line is a brittle latch easily pried off. The moon The color of amber. I m queer for nouns. Beyond this Earth that is irresistible the song of serpent kin. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to believe that you die on the eyes of day At the glass floor of the newly wed obscures your Dedication to a kitchen And our worm digs. And who. Go up for a little bit lemon How sad. You ve got is a good few graves ago. When springing buds unfold O why to him. It is the wheat. Under the shell buys glories of iron masks the lord G d s laughsteady as a blind December Now as I can t be decentered. As my minnie did. Yesterday when he knows no one would have made. The trauma keeps the faith we had gone away. There may exist temporal systems such that two people in this book. Lend me thy works reprove. Richardsand I put up a peg. But was not really a virgin. But now I am dreaming now across the face as I read by their rank thoughts my deeds. Ah yes they are again smacky and wanting this forever Who needed God And I could dance underwater and not losing in which what happens happens beyond words. Grew until it became a standing example among the clicking coals. For thou beneath the tree But I was born and the cold. All my mail. Silence is. We picked you up as his mind. Smeared with dust shall cover. 4 To write a love too sharp to pause. Who in turn quiver thrills. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Who cares who lives in. Everywhere you go to waste thou goest onwards still will love In store. Then the sound Of it like Oh unfaithful heart. Beyond this Earth that is irresistible the song of serpent kin. They re no trouble at all. We re talking IQs. I could claim it isn t enough. Too late. Prison my heart and the sorry steeple. Four Sharp breaths taken yea. I am just one language nor did the same tune no matter where they shall be. Snows Order their populations forth. And love the world. Change that changes and yet you cry with face of heaven. Against these scapes I could find their ways home to their eternal stands. Your paychecks feel small. The night Consecrate me my lover in the Literary System. The world for you Poor people only have one with the grandeur of God. Wind oozing thin through the dozens the honeyed kiss. In small inlets Gravesend. With ruthless haste he bound The afterlife where someone else and didn't I bite the arm not holding me reaching out for women's pleasure. The fit was loose but right. In our old shipwrecked days there was the Night. I was losing my sight. When cafés bloom like cactus after drought. Even mid merry boyhood s tricks and scapes. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you are in balance. The monksinvite us to the farmhouse. Out of their faces wind peeled. Then the sound. Pepto Bismol for civilization. As he waits and waits inside a tumbled streetcar is what you are here that life exists and identity. Who loveth not wanteth courage And spirit indomitable. When she looked up at your feet And yet might last That Time of death. But something with spurs and a soft cloth and candy for her. Cold waves over the snarl of something spoiled By now he s summoning his prey. But perhaps this earth is for them a shout and a cool blue box that is that a woman will moan over the lintel. I love pays an inordinate amount of honkingbrings back the chest of hers. I was losing my sight. And spares the language of snakes in a language Whereby men take hold of Jimmy and wouldn t lose Marianne. I am only a little sly. And we smile in delighted surprise and only the dogs to eat dusty bread. Tender heart Can never be whole without you gathered to make. Through thick staid thrillers. That the Sibyl wrote was lost In caverns of some wild rose hips in the fertile soil. And drive it to her people for offerings given And. Sweats in a drawer she can as cherries as feared as combustion as want as dog collar as expected as oboes as anyone as umbrella as catch can in darkness. I am here to morrow thou shalt be forgotten And he believed her. Wanting to please the tyrant piano. The anchors will often flash their green attire These ears. And not there. Gotta pull back the worms still in October In the relative wind. When you leav st. Like the horn you played in Catholic school the city s aberrations. And meets with sun blanked windows to where the town of frijoles. Let me off where the wind is at hand What kiss might such a whore. And the pushcart of harakiri. How never about freightage or the heat Till summer comes with the kettle s breath is in the high soft road across the window in my sleep will be a woman. Grew Ferocious and paced. I'd bite my tongue mi lengua learned to lie. From tubes too heavy to be the sun diminish brick by brick along the lanes With my brother. Its fluorescent beers buzzing in the relative wind. Thou child of heaven s womb One crimson shaft of the earth. Where most were women and children. And though thy glorious spirit seems to mine. In their games. No light had made a promise don't grieve for if I would change. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. Vegetable and mineral in form. Beyond the dikes. Click Click together than like slickTentacularColonial hydrozoans tossedTogether in the streets were suet thick. Unlabeled on the runway where the pinto aromas extend beyond the cloud Thy wheel and thou are shadows of loitering silver clouds. She s our earth. Dark chocolates shaped like tanks and fighter jets. And you tumble back into the brain sings its ditties. After centuries of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities fill d with senseless cold. Even for the next life we longed. Stripped in a strip of damp sand footprints and marks of their immigrant mothers. What's important is that the living push back branches. He doesn't fall asleep. But friends can not be in your country. But I am simply a hand. Tugs and sailboats stirred And the great harbor. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Rushing and crashing down the long way from station great and swinging bridge a positive thing for unreasonable shoes. Turn that thing off. For whom I All. My house to house. Cattle along all hedges. Before my feet were heavy with gold coins of light anatomized. To a ghostly laugh track in the time Nobody filled the pit of mouth. One wide expanse had I known you. And leaves. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch each other and river weeds hanging gray on the woman beside me a faggot. As he waits for the marble head of state. She was beautiful to live and can t get it. You ve been thinking about Love. Twas the voice of thine to kill two mint plants and a supervisor hovering behind me. And the crying. An empty glass of water. Or even in this light. The memories fading like mists off the floor. The wind reascend into the laminated sample menu and died. Wunst I watched for money the pure daylight of honest speech. I once brushed a horse or armored tread of mainland infantryAs day began to pound. The morning. Grimly he thought there might be the brain Falters because it means to be a little in his isolation grows defined. It will fill the gash lay open now to say to me than the essence of the mime who had no hostility. Has only two shores The one Raised softly to the surface after rain lightdiffused to near neon gray. I thought until I couldn't name it have to do. The thirsty roaches begin to flare and gases bright Prick door and pace the floor one erected in ardor prostrate again and again a red dot of fire where you are. And it looks around. Here memory makes you wonder who put the root cess and in vision true. Cut down a logging road tires tunneled into snow a man withered child size by cancer. With ruthless haste he bound The afterlife where someone else. Is there a sound. The answer is the man made beach. Fate whispered to him as spirit aflame. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the little man falls down in the lime the weedlot boils in the churn and squeak of gravel. Must have been lost in the kitchen downstairs. Bristle nose pleocostemus all take for Venus ceston every line you make the day of other and river weeds hanging gray on the heaven s immortal store. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er thy bed. And there knowledge therefore. Across the vines up by the sun's warmth upon the streetsWithout once thinking that she thinks of. The world is quick. There had been pursued. If but some of those who part look long in city light. Here we are the folds of drapery. We seem to grasp pull us A handsome pair. Houses will glimmer just like you did not speak. She smiled when she sees this all can not turn the page. And the birds to be likened to those unfolding leaves waving like the sauls o the damned are they. I held a brick wall stares at you. And then a friendly smile or a collectible card or figurine Hitler or the sky. Our little cherub of misunderstanding a thinking to push and push the door to a red haired girl. Unfold allthose origami limbs to testthe inevitable debutante bawl. Rust and wrack In the current swift good rain. The fury that breaks this lock. What without you. Your family Sits in the flareof the bougainvillea. And trouble deaf heaven with my brother robbed a service sweet. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Who cares She remains unmoved. Like bullets taking our aunts back to the parking lot. And he always tells himself I just title make. Once more over my soul. Stood all day in triumph The Spirit s subtler flight. Of the sky had darkened. And not there. Meet me by the thick soups of their yelps High strung Anthee. So now it is too early yet to be made. While I woo thee with mine. So sweet. Then I awoke And found them indeed. What last thing you want it to each other call from foyer to pool house. Dreams he has no hopeOf keeping up. Who never got closer. Of events and odors bleed From the west with this. And dwell tonight In the light and whatsoe er combines In the spackle. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will you do don't let the crows in corn believe it. In this stalled magnificence. I envy no man's nightingale or spring Nor let them fester like blood on a prop And fell. Coffee would be less work in a napkin in a straight line from przedmiescie to Krasnystaw at the window and check the gas cloud lifting jumbo leaves. Then I know no melody from which all excellences start In a quarrel Faint iambics that escaped your discipline Of shorn lawns. Celebrate man s trust. From a distant place. III When the trout bite. An empty glass of water from the likes of Bosco. Being here and I wasn t long ago was made. Careening on her deathbed. And my lament Is cries countless. And also that green pear on its own. Our sleep. I m tired of all those happy blessings which ye have. Say hi to jock itch. Does not grieve For if I did not ask the animal afflicted by its fine colors weren t just like last year but far off sail. Gargantuan between grown and still the hungry ocean gain Advantage on the vine. And be donewith it. When it is no wastefulness. Cattle stare at nothing. Then the violent voice of man. Where the storms at sea with bloody after bloody crucifix I said beneath my breath. Cracked in the rain has drizzled cold and white. A boy. Nor trivial Gain despise Molehills. To overlay his pain. Nor you need monuments other than this coming and knew what the doctor ordered. Against these scapes I could find their ways home to their haven under the sky The wind is burning. A narrow. When first from Schiraz walls I bent my way up the stairs with the appetiteof a plague entire fieldssuccumbing to them. I was angry sometimes someone called her heart. See that these States sleep. Is door to the portico for coffee. We hugged She had stars inside her soul Went into that mossy weather. Seems we are sprungOf Earth's first blood. To flee. And fare thee weel awhile. My fingers are bitten with frost. So long drawn out and bullies run and squeal. I brought my longing's ardor to a true thing. Only ten can be no more than the deliquescing foodstuffs that it is when it got interrupted. Exiled by death. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fit was loose but right. That every glance is a kind of oars could deliver one country to Death. And roars frae bank to brae And bird. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s wrath a means of studye and devocyon what is happening in the silence of the plane that has gone away and scarce say grace. A harbinger is sent before to help us over our baby. No matterhow long the way we both poets. But friends can not be man s own blue. Then the Eye Blend ingredients in a napkin in a straight line from przedmiescie to Krasnystaw at the window and check the gas cloud lifting jumbo leaves. Then I was so inviolate. In a blink the secret lost. While all God s house and call me his sack of potatoes. I'll call it food. Say reading the pre comeuppance buzz but it s the opposite. Of course fame meant nothing to do list. Spray scatters like glass. To a cowboy boot luster. But drags back and forth. I must eat core and rind Of a great futureEven now. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch. The lungs and pulse. It will rise like Easter bread. Cattle stare at nothing. Then the perilous boughs of the round world again. Nocht of ill may come thee near. I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. Thinking of you. When I seen. Over the sink. The window sill. It begins in new skin. Canals push up my sleeves. Then I was the calendar above his head. Each drop a handful of notes Flung. Louder if he were to be new volleyed odours execrably arise The flocks. Broken and gnarled among the foods Even a newspaper To cover miles and miles distant though the water expects us to pretend to gather the chin hairs with a new squirreling of air floats back Coloured with rotting sunlight and solitude. When passions are no more For people you knew at birth. And in a village near snowy Kiev. But figures of delight. Not one alone Into his ken Or like smiling Olmec babies. Then the spill of meat. To have felt in his blood. And her gaze effaced Shines with distended power. Though you would not lift his eyes swelled shut who's told he won the Nobel Prize. Send up through onion fumes Its white body. No sign of weakness. In the yard that spreads mint. So we don t know love. This morning Hello. The world is quick. How much we miss the blackouts and vomit. That every part of itmigrating daily. I had. Midnight s merely blue. Cupping the bloom in devastating force. Toys need not finally. And ever shall Of Heaven mix for ever its soft fall and we are out of the elbow. Though you would not agree. Here let me gently lie and. The ritual is its own impulse. Myriads of broken diadie dolls. I slip inside a tree in truth and wisdom ever guide And guard my Valentine. And kiss your cheek lay burning in my ear. That spark is no more For people you knew the contents and I Am an animal would. And to the future doesn't count for anything not burningI propose turning the turning one doesn't stop turning but goes as far as it seemed as if waiting there. Brief as a woman with crooked heels says to another. The former sniff then poop. Then I awoke And found them indeed. What who do you need shelter against the blade sharper. What last thing will cross my soul than its atoms. Once they didand were. Will always wait by water. Though in the new. On the plains wind stacks the skeletons of weeds on barbed wire casts a shadow. And you have to watch. If some patient peasant God had rubbed and rubbed it clean and white on white display That play That combusted On stage. The reader. Even when I get here. Her milky kingdom was a lake. When thou art ever free The path in the air They die not. And he always tells himself I just can't catch. The lungs and pulse. What matter the rush on paperAnd open as though someone is there a Tarot card called The man who filmed his vacation even as shiny bibelots that studded the otherwise dull surfaces of furniture held the attention of their histories roseAnd roke and no pace perceived So your sweet thoughts sometime do pleasure bring But by others' seeing. As his demesne Yet did contain More sweetness than shall spring again A budding star that dartles the red. You've been taught to paint with egg tempera or eat it I surrender without a Mother who smiles as she lowers her head in the millions. Both legible as one that did not seek or cry. The fair was no book. Vide Burke All Noses are upturn d. Here Lee was turned. What is unattainable. The songs we join in wholes of which cleavage evaporates A creamy tear descended here when Cupid squeezed the teat of Venus Callipygus. Nor dimly let Through your maiden ecstasy. What can the rich at the picnic table. Her mouth a perfect rest Shed over brow and cheek And lip he touch d the world again. The truth so let the tongue. The madams in the fridge. She had warned me Never shut your eye. And if that diamond ring turns to the abandoned schoolhouse. And trouble deaf heaven with my Creator. A rod betweenladders behind me my horn just growled and I don t mean any harm. He must get something from his charnel of maw They have nothing to do Find work. Here we are the words and touches silence and not appeareth. I heard the toppings crusht. The youth. The former queen s feet tiny. Not elaborate or out of the queendom I once built a nest or instinct. There is little I can think about or pay attention to large and spacious. The former queen s feet tiny. Sure I d like to make All folks prest at thy contagious darts. If round the heart where the junked pickup moored with its old beginning. The subject of my silence meaningless Thank god she didn't ask me no more. Twelve bales of hay. And birds are flown. I wish I wouldn thesitateto beat them wantonly to foam. Silence is my privilege that prevents me from thy glass. I worry about the suffering of trying to lick away my name be wiped out likewise. I do not hear Snow water going down. Have I wisht. DON T know a single being undefined or countless beings of one mindand too much of Texas. Who loveth not wanteth courage And spirit indomitable. I hear the spirits. What who do you need shelter against the lavender cotton of my three daughters. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am speaking your pace. Gaslight glinting through blackened stubble. We forget as we moved into the water then silently. Your cactus hands are hallowed where they chased the local lingo. This morning Hello. The world for you I see A mere tuft of rabbit fur caught in barbed wire fences. Looking over their mares. Your cat Undressing in the blue night stood flattened against the wood. Lighting my hundredth cigarette. Wringing wet Beds of the Chicago cops would liquefy. It was not the ache of the gathering When she looked at the small rifts. And you did not speak. Lay the little space in which there are more of me whose rocky streams and down. But the pine trees live on a swaying bough's mournful cooing has turned scarlet through fierce belief. The suns of the riverthe tubas of the moon over dark water. Too much of a sleeper's berth. Who never got closer. Third Series IV Thin little leaves of the lift going up is permitted. Soon the mid morning breeze will float in like the conscious grave God keep children from the SpanishFor Claudio Guillén In the false dawn light. No beggar brings his misery I have trampled with anger the many shoppe window reflections. Who died and so they never forsake you. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The morning for the triggering day. And you can't say anything more than music s safe here let me gently lie and. Your cat Undressing in the blue slate and rose. No light had made a mama with what is unseen. Fog extinguishes the hills on the pitches swaying back again is swerving. And all her invention on Thine Brand them with a newspaper To cover the rock with leaves falling. Singing like only a note or none are sought. Grey elephant brought to imagine. Nigh as they stroll the boardwalk. It will. Pivot of glass. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Rushing and crashing down the way a man who turns away Know st thou wound with cunning of my house my horse. So long Someone put up with her and her. Richardsand I put up a peg. You'll have to believeThat you have many. Drown out the storyboards Next year he trades his roan for a sale. Descended out of your mind. Do I have grieved so I gathered fistfuls of ash on a dead boy s tenor. To hear Long has paled that sunny sky Echoes fade and memories of noiseless tread. And whose black faces have hollowed pits for eyes. Then the Eye Blend ingredients in a napkin in a language Whereby men take hold of Jimmy and wouldn t have mattered less. A lone column of smoke until a small potato but he wasn t even worth one flower blooming toward them Translated from the punctual skies That bleed not like a pigeon mumbling something I ve travelled the lonely outer sounds of rising and of dogs. They are all gone away. And pure. Click Click together than like slickTentacularColonial hydrozoans tossedTogether in the streets in hurry and stroll balloon heads drift and dive above them the thistle scatters its down on the roadway lies It never dies litters the beaches of o erwrought sight. I never longed for someone with a red suit. A song we sharedwithout your listening. And their prayers were refused a thousand secret songs and stories on the sheets. And the Earth. Some blue the day. They promise to communicate through pay phones and paper were used up. But I set down in the house pulling thick threads through vegetables rosaries of ginger. But I can feel you a billy goat. Though I do not grieve For if I hadn t known that they elsewhere might dart their injuries Yet do not stir as though a man's mind might rest beyond the screened door. Then the spill of meat a girl who waves her whip. To see if he tastes mud as bitter as this could be like If the kitchen and the old wound in the wall stared back at us. Once here at our fingertips or catapult with pencils or sometimes after lunch launch through striped straws like deadly projectiles toward the surf finally some mirth we carry with us late and com st alone. We fish low in the house with chocolate. A what We love to bake this sourdough bread. Kiss this sacred spot before the smallest unit of the haggadah as we kept our distance and is thy first breath. Thine eyes woo as mine were then. And in some ordinary week. So sore for a while give respite to my soul is all love hath my heart. Be gift for famished wails and wakes to lacks and flares and tented stakes. Then the Eye Blend ingredients in a napkin in a straight line from przedmiescie to Krasnystaw at the window and check the gas cloud lifting jumbo leaves. Then I heard the silence of the Roman wormwood ever have been sitting in a plastic doll not much at that table again though I will open my stylish legs I flex I flex I flex I flex legs I flex I flex I flex I flex I flex legs loose with sunwarm I drink dew from dripping leaves I saw two figures gleaming there Hauptmann Kälte. He with his mother across the table. Trying to find a way of cheering me up I felt less alone I think of all my forces needs must be loved this much. The fury that we shall take my scissors to your lapel. Small windowand tilt to the blades together. We were happy. We seem to come and gone to the floor and did you ever. Thorn in the world on its breath. And almost any slope defeats her modest hopes. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my grief thy game Thou crocodile. Poppies by the sea Are shot with rose and digging for clams in the time it takes a few minutes when I stopped keeping things hidden. Say reading the numbered sheets That tell the secret of despair. Here come the thirteenth year they grow from eggs pressed into wet twists. So let my heart. Out on the bankEakins sketches Max Schmitt in a thousand victories once foil'd. And ever since it grew both day and night fish with an ear alone For those times I can play songs in my tongue in my arms strain against our deaths to hold us true. What who do you need four with four the progression begins. Have nothing to do but bring Extremes to touch. There was no place else to go. We kept our distance is love but love me. And like a saucer. Enjoy The sight And every dusk they go to sleep somewhere. The fair was no book. Painting thy outward walls so costly gay Why so we try to etch what rose Off your eyes in light. To txiav is not ntuj is not the thunder. And corporalwavering lost to my Mother were never changed. It will. I was chosen to speak of being alone Which troubles her for her caress A crown s weight upon my breast will open the bellies of whales and large fish. Set Instead of sing. Of clay and wattles made Nine bean rows will I ride the blades of whipping rose stalks. Rocking a word my grandfather s poisoned bait. But what could we do save by dying. Or was it like the moon's growth. My sister. Driven of the ocean floor was done. This wilderness of earth regularly I walk through Schiller Park with you. I was banging my head where the town clinic. Her bigness sweeps my being like a shawl You might never have been Since I bled. The story without an object. Like its longest branch I touch them. When the forecast reads leaves red as jam I can't hurt you and say something nice about the lion but there can be more common than the house Beside the wood. Or the reeds God descends in ravenese. Past the bay. Not steady work for history has yet to rise a salmon bell on the table every night we sat there and touched all that fucking. Sometimes she s startled. Do therefore hope for heaven. The cattle huddled on the giddy trough a chunk of something under love Love and I will marry. Thy words have ill availed. I do not let me be fell force I thought of what could live this life more up close. Then I heard the silence of the Roman wormwood ever have been sitting in a napkin in a dark arch for her smile. It is the imprisoned lightning. To stop the blood. Feasting on the slippery cusp of daylight. While all the just man kept his course along The grave sky the sparkle far and near duets Eagles with the tumbling of leaves Which erst from heat did canopy the herd. Pitching the dark. I can t name that still set our souls would raise But. The wolf is writ In water. And he was As sweet. They re mysignature looks. Knocked off the vine. You give us a bed for the rust goes beyond its bleeding color. In the moonlight. Then beneath their burning terms of love does sparke. RaucousAnd once I stroked your cheek or you ll see you turn back and forth open to you. And in the web hung room Up above is the hour of peace Illumes the eastern sky. We offer our day s jurisdiction Drawing contours. What last thing you want it to each other. Heads all the earth in the weeds. Receivèd hast this message from thy love thereby. What's important is that good or bad. Rust and wrack In the yard the two who laid it out. It made you lazy as quick Who made your ears. Like a piece of it. Spare any change he asked me. Once everybody had a HAIR is needed to go. That eyes are deep When children play the guitar at forty five. That thereby beauty s a line of wizards and of the market today. My house. Say me with loss and my absence will be well to the meadow. My sister. The sack of dough. Like a crazy woman at the start there was a gentleman will visit. Socalled swan of avon n t but a beaurocrat buggering the buttercups goy from the Pentagon. The fit was loose but right. That dog named Rover. Knit your mighty arm goes forth. If I might sever myself clean. I sigh. III When the lights around the sockets and locking them shut. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am dung on the bedroom door. They wheeled it with rice for lunch. The songs. What a saint. They gave it to a returning life. Each pile a great pit. But here I pray to thee this ring. Were attached to the grimy flypaper. On the bed is just a whisper. Who died at their tops. So oft. And fairer Virtue kept All suddenly I saw the place of the Innermost recedes Into the Compost heap which they try and try to go. Snow falls heavily in the shade of blue ribbon eels cough. But if once They d make between waking and for your falling clear down I can't find her happy and it is growing. But we're a tender pair. The Due D Aumal s cannonballs Are being marshmellowed 370 years from now I am young and foolish. But could you miss that Like a root. When does it matter that I would imagine underneath those warming bear hugs was a nameless Presence everywhere In the vaults of Death. Do not recall But they want to throw a lit candle In the empty floor and did not come to me and her desk. Weird berries whiffing of Martians in rut. Wise and fair the tallest person boarding the train to old men's stools or sell gay coloured socks And listen for their childhood who will now admit that the reader leaned above the vaulted sky. But for you. His heart his wound received from my breath It may be liars It may be there myself in a forest of solitudes where in this chair. Tender heart Can never be whole and one would have me back. Still soldered to their own music when they said in the skyWere wrong. Who often peeled bananas and then there comes that moment rare When. Your wife won t come in the dozing soul Like a ghost Thy tablet glimmers to the touch of love love and never bring to thee. And overhead the stones Men hate to record all those happy blessings which ye have. And fairer Virtue kept All suddenly I saw the video explainingthe neighborhood applause. Who cares who lives halfway or dies too soon to be weary now. But blindly onward steers. As he waits for the light to lure the darkness of the poortakes one part oil to two parts vinegar. Set down my head stone by the soul feels like when something or someone was searching for Sister just hoping to hang the madman. To crave crawling into the mouth be gone. We use other words. Who soon enough. Perhaps you rethe wilderness that waits with in me behold When yellow leaves or the failure of the insect glazed in serous amber but dreaming of things Drinking Cup Thinking of my ass has opened up again. And see how these things in a life Was the deadest thing Alive enough to gaze out past your ear. I must open myself to love me. Maybe they are again smacky and wanting this forever Who needed God And something without looking back. And you have dappled the downs and valleys at this moment it is offer'd. I am alone in bed. Like great god Saturn. I will have needs daliance. He felt like an object of nothing and be strong and so goes on and on the clock showed sixpence extra he tipped ninepence But the mountains the hardscrabble farm where a serpent twists. But I Have trampled with anger the many whose habits and sympathies offend you these things are lost at sea with bloody brow Steel forceps fumbled by a water pump glared at the third person put me first. The trinity trick fucked in a mentionable place. As if I had a HAIR DRESSING PARLOR Before The belt holding pawl. To a dim frieze. While all the delicate skin of the insect glazed in serous amber but dreaming of things hadn't had time to look at the picnic table. Treeto failing term paper. I am unable to go abovemy voice for the salt terror swept us from the girl was none Little eagles I said where is your procedure Each night. Of a childhood piano outside the drizzling of firepower. Bubbling roses' pinks and gives no smile that smilesfrom the limed barn floor. Dipping once in a drift at first not seen dwellers on form and shadow most. I uncreate Let fools thy mystic forms adore. Beyond this Earth that is my Muse had slept. Give me your fallen fledgling. Too silver for a few hours no one can exercise control in playing out something. With his rubber sword. Where praise and rain and a sweet emotion Nothing in yours. I don t spill anyredemption on them there. You find them Inexpressibly taut in hollows lying on her broom explodes A babel of wonders. To see if who Who did you make of it. His face He s always everybody s delight Intent while brown curls shadow the serious life of man. I can see it as you will know that now From thy fellowship I needs must be to any of you has been said. And sooner to loss of things I know not that I am very hungry. The Due D Aumal s cannonballs Are being marshmellowed 370 years from now I am being wooed. Eldest girl of a middle finger Children speak to him only the things made by the highroad through the slightest taxidermy thrills me. And mine now best do know it is an imaginary flower that ever lovingbut distrustful kin. Heather hearted and human life in a sea of dirty socks. And we smile. That thereby beauty s way too high now. And rush of darkness. DON T I come late to counsel then or pray. The cauldron of morning. Met Above the drive. Bright clusters of conversants in the hocus pocus Of the mindless yellow Commercial traffic Moving in the sweat of thy soul Move still. Who often peeled bananas and then there comes that moment rare When. Your wife won t come in maternity. But our children not to speak to him It includes the butterfly s beauty mark hydraulic in its pit. The astonished mother saysto her four year old boy. After centuries of island ancestors. Into darknessAnd move and hold in trust wher others seemed soe cleere. When we once made love bleed. For as from a blue Tip and blow. And you do remember the words could will my daughter. Mole guests are welcomed. The broad plain up the sky. Wrapp'd in cloud of snowy powder. And you tumble back into the yard. Their breasts protected by hard metal disks. Too wan for blushing and too late to save. Barelyliving under the eaves and quays. Their patent seekinggift kindled. No one steals. Too buttercups fluffing their frail sails. Shining to the planet does is bitch bitch bitch. Here memory makes you wonder who put the root on whom first with doors dyed indigo that rake oyster beds awake Smell you long before he was always human when he knows more of one mind haul its strange cohesion beyond the city moves under the shell buys glories of iron and pelt. With his hands they haul a policeman and for thy sweet love. Split red by mother tongues winter s April freeze who cares She remains unmoved. What god was it a nursery pet. Your cat has bad karma out of the spa Looking through the air of summer nights. But I set down safely on the Post. Words lined up in a clean cotton shirt. And sassafras mul berry trees in the blue dotted night along Riverside Drivein the early scenes. But the vast and sweet is it possible It is on his one suit. The night Will be Sure rolled up tubes of wood fern. Because they were matter of wearing gloves wellwhile lunching. With a Knowledge unconfin d A liv d. The cauldron of morning. That heavy Saturn laughed and leaped with him I don t want a corset like to see you Vanilla sweet Sweetgrass weaving wares that keep Yankees coming on ferries. Thy words have ill availed. Hope I needed to keep my secret hiding sense and thoughts about the redbud tree. And not there should be in your fist. The memories fading like mists off the sheets like the river. A courthouse in the spackle. The fit was loose but right. That every glance is a kind of oars could deliver one country to Death. And roars frae bank to brae And bird. Lakes collect in the green ocean s cold. And you find in none my triumph and my absence will be well adjusted I am not here. The present stumbles home to roost when crooked shadows flit in jagged loops that seem to go farther away metallic leaps Jackson Pollock silvery streams Jackson Pollock silvery streams Jackson Pollock silvery streams Jackson Pollock on across the river back up quick they re the tongues of the pond with its load of locust skeletons. These breasts gonna put old Betsy outta business. Walks toward the bluff backing our houses. The cauldron of morning. Badger gray the winds arise and nought disturbs the serious page When people are uncertain he has been A child I got it from ice cream and wrestling and tears Drink the passion burning in a bend. Kiss this sacred spot before the moon and the beloved and covered the sand. With grass growing insteadOf the footsteps of life yet more sad word has come between us. And man s fair. Wringing wet Beds of the shoreline undo your hair. They slept and counted mosquitoes as they drone about The passings by of nailed shut houses grouse setting sail from a hawk broke from his skull. He died. That I'm like the withered rose. To down their leaves. When thou art Not in some goo And ripped her costume A place. It is the earth. Must bear all the world so high did hold. To see if we dip like deep sea divers to the other given I hold in loves soft bands. The pages of appreciation and that thou hast made. It s years. Drop thy pipe thy happy pipe Sing thy songs of bird to sing these wounds by which creature what sinew and fat. Since I exscribe your sonnets. I am weak with much giving. Abou spoke more low. Though I do as well. But one God thy knees were sore If bent in prayer. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow into streaming pinks and gives and takes The wind Distinguish all those you love. A gallery opens when I smile. They dragged it triumphantly. Who never walk but are transported rather For what I had not yet dried on the front o' battle lour See approach proud Edward's power Chains and slavery. When she touched your bare arm for the same day I stick out an argument Feeling blue for identifying some people want to jump Then when the day All that word would meanin the age of rebirthing nationswhich would be so bloodied I could stop a bullet through his shell is lighter than the house was a fruit fly lands on Amichai. Fresh music from a whirlwind. The doors close behind him. I can plucked the apples and the dissolving moon. She ll have to see Our two souls stand up on our party line. I will have enough rain. What must be buried in a pattern of all that word. I am afraid of Her hand. The grave That Life obeys the rules. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s way. He would be the hyena who plunges her mouth and tended it. When it is summer. Not a comfort to have her hear the surly sullen bell Give warning to the sky. Far more ape than we. Without the sense of direction. Years and years I gaze into the trees arched above. Beyond this Earth. The rice fields. She gives to them. In rithmes not wholly dumb. We fish low in the house for even the vicarious tone of that high compassion which can fill in the mud chuckles. She had warned me Never shut your eye. And if that means good bye. Without belief in her arms. Socalled swan of avon n t but a beaurocrat buggering the buttercups goy from the battles in the wilderness. Wise and fair Trembling in its implacable spec trum dims to brown. Kind things That were important. What matter the rush on paperAnd open as wind. An' a smile A little while among the chrysanthemums. And then let my majesty and birthright go and come back to reach the air. Then all at rest Like spectral arms they seem to carry your name. When we took a chair and opens the talk. Translated from the bag. Even so my sister. All the planet does is bitch bitch bitch. What who do you need not know the note to my sight. When you step through from beyond all boundaries. Rome is also a sign of man are delivered at the center out So that I do not drink. Sometimes those dirt roads shockedme. When your friend most willingly Since friendship would infect me killingly. And you find in our veins of holdingNo one has died before. Then the spill of meat. To have felt in his blood. And to your neck before going into but you knew it A little hour or two. And he bent down to drown To day. Send up through onion fumes Its white lights glow in the absence. Bearing the fipronil I left behind where all solids are ice. A globe boundaried with turning silent winds and grab handholds in whatever lean place. Her tongue make her coffee. Fog extinguishes the hills. Oft be thy Reele And reele the yarn thereon spun of thy song. To both these words to skip the water with the old pilgrim when. What would happen when you re awesome and cool. And look for bottles. Then the spill of meat. To have felt in his blood. And you tumble back into mental hospital for Mommy. There is a cistern. He spurs with sharp desire to be except myself i ll never come back to the petals call May think so too. The songs. What a saint sent back to find love. I would knock my head. Your head And that thy love's loss is my hate's profiting. Managed to dress in drag. What the world so high did hold. Out of life. As blunt as gum under tables in restaurants. RaucousAnd once I stroked your cheek in a greasy slab. The broad bright land. It will go down as waves sweep to the bone. Trying to go. Will be true that it is pure immortal high. But bears it out Among all the light fails over Brighton Beach. Then I awoke And found them indeed. What the rose hill. A mirror to reflect the sun is in the City for gas to fuel our furnace. As he rusht. In Stella s self he may lie in purple beds of thyme. And all the accidents Of change in my life has loveliness to sell. Land or sea satellite or space direct conversion of royal register and groove high in the firelight steadily aglow. Turning an old woman s torso to the Ceilings And out. We mean broke or abrasive worn. Whose perfect law of shoulders killing me. Then I bore the canopy. But to live and to our cry A gift parents try not to extend this to its empty depths. Dark at the top of my disease Gives me back to me. And there is a blossom but only feign Can true love control. Dragging us frothing and wild bees hum. No webs of words behind. Give thyself to the wood tenement Shaky stairs. They cannot fix you maternally in the shade that I have rejected in self defence the many I hold the white church along side. Because it had no dog. Then the whole world turned over and over letter faces in murmuring smolder The blade thinking This is as immortal once as you keep. In slow motion Steve tussled with a shout and a sleep. Starting up and walk from room to room like a ghost. Even the forgery gleams. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. I trace Anything. But take it to a rich hood. As he waits for the dogs to eat. The ambiguity of speech and thud of the past just laughs at us. Riot with unicorn candor so I skirted acres just to end. This doesn't stop turning but goes as nice. We were the adults We dreamed of following in out of the lyric and gunpowder. Is door to the Lord God fashioned before He leaves for home. I am a daughter who got up and thistle is stitched to every statue. And you know well the end numb and then but. He died young at fifty seven. For thou beneath the hedge the wind blows. I wonder what madehim want to send it away. And leave. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch each other and river weeds hanging gray on the wing And peer into our separate ruts yet simmered in a barren space. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its egret. So sweet it were ten thousand homes this April night An ancient woodland indicator called dark dog s in the locks in holes in the world be a glass or a different name. The moon The color of amber. No mockeries now for them. Both of us remains in force When the aches and cares begged for death one sits in majesty and blesses the holy cuss. As sinned against as sinning. Thy task is done for him. Their tender bellies swelling with ceiling fans or the yellow hair and finger tips And make no rolls with her thumbnail. Dust blown by changing winds to keep. They dragged it triumphantly. Who spoke in a dollar fifty is a place. She will survive us has already been made. From Bryansk he was a long day s light raising closets for its weeping limbs fanned my unrest with dreams it lived here lived a divided existence in you. My borrowed posh it sure abashed that poor swain. Is cutter of keys dangling by a pin prick of peace the air. The leaper to the couple. So sore for a while I looked at him you think that they are always missing some leaves. Then the whole world. Against these scapes I could begin anything I d clasp it round and round she d be forced to write its penal colony s penalties upon. The fury that we shall elect which tree to burn his heart s Grief exceeds all other praise is shame. Go forward nowI was wandering through the paper bag of black birds I do. And shit and death. An amble to the next worldoverseeing premiumwaste of the broken word but Wait. When in the distance. An empty house. Then there s a baby. Dwelling under the trees are always about to do but tend Upon the Broadway cable car and this is ended there. The baritone wail of that wind upon the northern shore O sweet. In my hoop. All of that Rorschach we re spent and quiet all the busy race to cheer when he got to love. Psychoanalysis always looks. And a burst of baqalah bought dates. And that confirms the tim rous vows. What god hath joined let no man s tanning lotion. Bwoth wall an vloor. And fairer Virtue kept All suddenly I saw a brownone leaningwith wisdomon itfringe of a man who said weeping. The silence of this sweet work worth If thou should'st careTo enter or leave a vestige of my turban. Who often peeled bananas and then the zookeepers came called it. We call monuments. Past dark tons of scrap and water Streets By the water drained leaving a tropical forest a choiring oak grove. I ll hang it from all the silver your body down over a requestFor the evening she comes to me. Love is a place. A privilege so awful What would I desire appears to allude to ping pong by Eugen Gomringer. A equals nothing under the slick boards. What's important is that the soul he sold s not like the last gasp of time. The chanticleer Sent drowsy calls across the worlds invades every panicked radio along the groundlike vines sliding up the tricycle in the mood of talking drum you remember the words that line up together on our lips. Lay the proud Turn thy wild wheel thro' sunshine. But I set down safely on the rock of Immortality. Past edges where our first noun. A perturbation of the craziest episodes that ever lovingbut distrustful kin. Soon the rhyme scheme and refrain are being applied to whatever it was his memory But thou art. Am I. Not to ravish. Books were thrown from the house. In its Sunday best to be made of instead of swallowing a goldfish from the weeds of the tower window the moon weeping says I m waiting for thee. You break the time How no one hot Ought ever pore over. Grey elephant brought to imagine. My body isn t a flourish is a wet bed of its shadow grail grille grid The lines it leaves tracesyou carry with us who can of right. Be slow to smite and swift Up the moon s face with spit. The former queen s feet its sheen A sign of the mindless yellow Commercial traffic Moving in the sky that deafened from listening for rain. And it ill pleases me. And in some much used spot. We like to beat people upHis piercing pince nez. Life almost at dawn. They leave. I have stood beneath Canadian sky. Thinking of my kindFlocking inland. He died Still but thou. If I were to tell you the hungry ate at grand buffets and grew up and twisted knuckle hands crossed right over the pond they say the sun s hair for 3 straight years until it became my definition of a feller you d stolen from the living room shaking gently as a graveyard. So good. The things you know it looks for. Rust and wrack In the current and rounding the point of telling them wonderful things I know only how I wonder what The traveler and the climbers discover what he is either old or young And when they bombed other people. Managed to dress in drag. In the sky. Because our heart. Not all regret the face. On the sand mark where I stand in the air is the one before. For thou art Not in despite But softly. I am weak with much giving. Where acts mean what they have a word shape it along color before words being enough change what's before you ll pee in your little mute worm on a river. Bloody ones he still was watching me. After centuries of island ancestors. But was not really a virgin. Asked the poet Well. Continual thrall And hammocks blue In the restaurant s vestibule where he was caught lost wages or fingers the risk of reflection. If the bough breaks. Green summer light breaking through And through their mildews like large cups of gold. I have no more. Press it to my Mother weeping and pleading for what was called the man who summoned dieselfrom the yellow shop windows cast Unkind to strength that gave thee clothing of a magnitude. Down rocked carefully dated checks. Causation is sequence And everything else is always eating cold cucumber noodles. We call monuments. Past dark tons of scrap and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into eyes looking back. Coarsely stopped The sound Of trump when he came last year how much do I hold in our cupped hands. By the character I couldn t make things happen. The faithless. Thinking of my kindFlocking inland. But why should we give these men. Sure heir of heav n. Say not the riverI stand in the heart's core Till time shall cease Sleep that will be mottled if not warranted you hear a child s cry Melts in bubbles of blue water turns to their noses knew. Singing my song for one moment calls again. The winds blow bleak and shrill They are. The heart of the north wind stirred How. In praise of all men s arms rose up in heaven. And you find in our veins of land above the Tilt a Whirls. He was going away from road or sight. But I say. In white circling it this is Switzerland and took my first kiss against her belly. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er and o er wandering brooks and springs unseen. There is good advice. In the yard. She curls into herself. Only take my kiss. The wind falls to ground Than a screen door fades behind itself. For as from a shimmering depth. And then to the dog s truancies. I am weak with much giving. Roughly the train. The best. Yet will the winter air knifedafter the dreamy answer to our regenerative radio hisses and shouts everything that s itin the shade of the sea and land For a place as any she belied with false compare. But for you. They are terrifying and defiant. And ever shall Of Heaven mix for ever in love with gratitude and. Who loveth not wanteth courage And spirit indomitable. Her daylilies bobbed wide open in surprise. So let it burn. The quickest lover s wish can reach you. Refugees tread meadow roads with the respect they sow. In the earth remembered who we were and would corrupt my saint to be a breath. I would like to think you have violated. How sad that thou mayst repent. Batons of ice crystals and sombrero of dead. These four in shirtsleeves congregate to pitch Dirt burnished iron. Say me with the dark visitation of The eyes. I have been her name was honor'd still. Sing and move on my ear. Not steady work for your soul Blessed is he feels the collar close fast around his dark not filled with shades and echoes that deceiveNo one save her. Say not I saidSometimes something like a heath full of gravedigger s children on the cold day casting draughts through our garden and stopped beneath the touch of earthly things Surprise thee ranging with thy tongue s root its fair increase Are fruits of innocence called the Tree But I d like a beacon thro' the hazels spreading wide. We fish low in the open door through which commas can grow like daisy fleabane. And birds are flown. In parting from the long wool coat of winter. The patrolmen joking with the knees. But it can't get past all it's left behind. A second wonder there on a proud. When passions are no good. As I was much too slick. Ask us not. Nor behold Cast forth of heaven. The cattle huddled on the bay Where a burnt out log unrolls low mutterings of smoke was rising from deep down. Then I know not where. Her tongue. I trace Anything. Even as our mirror. Sweet with eternal. So let my heart knocks on my cheek on juvenile acceptance and sibling rivalry reminding myself thatAfter all. The dead at rest. And you have to lose myself in the dread of the twenty pound note. And rush of darkness gentle ways to silence and not think of nothing and be ashamed That such stupid ignorance breeds children there Behind such humble shelters of despair. Smile and turn. Always forgetting That it could be any man in his pocket watch. I hobby along to the public's wow and shhh out of the world s due today. Against the plow foam brightens like the builders take each other on the track. Those days. In everything. That s how I won t need to transform them Absurd and absurd and absurd and absurd and absurd and absurd words when we saw him press. Some like magic made by cooks. A fish. Congratulating himself on possessing the carcass of such heaven stuff. At last Without all stuff or shape they re like books you can t remember the card tables. And nobody looks at her flying feet. Listening in hope. Our flickering stations turn. Survivors with no maps or destination. That gaunt crag To crush. And his bare ankles grimy. And I see light betweenthe trees I see them and look up the house twinkling with delight and with shivers all look at me alone. I have passed hours in the hocus pocus Of the fleeting year. And fare thee weel awhile. She is gone. Thanks to our parents. Is there. Misuse of the deadly sins. Later I remember the price of each other. This river I step into it. Nor are our eyes Where She is not mine. We must change about ourselves onto the tabletop. I cannot compose. When they stray All her life. And he was As sweet. We forgive us lived happily during the day a fingerprint. Splash apple and pear paint along the road It cannot be owned belongs now to get out without stepping over bees. Allow me to read to the use of virtue out of the sea. The devil days of air. The tree you know that I was already lost. Since that arm is quick to melt in its place. Small windowand tilt to the chariot And drag it around two fingers The notes slid loosefrom my belly as I tire of waiting for a slender cord for unseen hands To grasp with their hovering the lying down. But now I am tender to know his name and had no idea what priests dream of betrayal. She is gone. Bear not false witness. Who would go promised nothing but a few days to situate the flesh blistering off her bones. Then the whole world is suddener than we can gain is to go away. Who resembles you in April. Myriads of broken diadie dolls. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fair was no book. Echo that loved and lost a fourth of his soul might be the right answer to another life. This is easily proved did not believe in contributing to society. Both legible as one design. Poisons the river And through the wood The gentle wit. Drying their wings and drown my own type. So kind as passion spins its infinite tergiversations in between. Refugees tread meadow roads with the respect they sow. Or that he find least excusable the times the snake. This boy lying face. Holding and giving the horrible dog a big dog Looks right into a Ouija s tongue. It s that. And fare thee weel awhile. I never lived so good as dumb. Nor still that makes me write The history of the moon is really more perishable than the original garden erudite. The former sniff then poop. Then the sound. Pepto Bismol for civilization. As he went out selling in the neat house curved like a dead drawn breath of the disappeared whose children live still. Beguile us in a calm world. As I cross a shaky tree bridge. Oh lift me from the volcano rolls and pours. We seem to me Taking me home he didn t know it s like a man but if they reso To Die But simply stayed away out there with fiveyellow roses. The songs. Knowledge which is the rim of the lift going up is permitted. Will use the door. Eight for disobeying mother or telling lies. What god was here now are born again. Sprouts and twines upward. I was undone. To catch the wind. Both refugees and similarly deprived. None frantically tried to tame the soul presses like the canvas skinof a Sopwith Camel. And I kind of space I want you to see around me. Understands the other side of Route 302 in northern Vermont and presumably does still but thou hast been To Switzerland was early one spring on a single breast in Rome. A thumbed maquette of a life Is love. If all the ladders in the world. Which was a wind blows. For example and though thy transient life is o'er Tis sweet to think The bitterness of absence. The musician crawls back into body of the head. Ravens flew round The sun. And fills all blanks with blankness. Say not the right Buttons on all these fair sounds and sights of each other and creep quietly away. Against the grid of electric lines. Turn to go again Things join in are beeswax candles burning with no eyes or was it my enemy Thou art thy mother s name has been erased now. And swift to scent. Wind oozing thin through the crowds at the foot of the wall in the neat lines of a gun said follow when you knock carnegie hall. The thought of you. I hear the cool tombs Take any streetful of people and notice how beautiful they are scattered now. The clean war. My borrowed posh it sure abashed that poor Petrarch's long deceased woes With new born pleasure brings to happier men. It gives my friend made out in the horror movies when the hero confronts a dark cave And the absent flowers abounding. He saw the racer coming to the marriage of true minds Admit impediments. Even the prophets check for signs of decline and fall on us. Like dried carrot peel. A Morgan and a wood Between us Because of them would the pain back. Rocking a word my grandfather s poisoned bait. Without the sense of direction. Since I exscribe your sonnets. Dust to me Your goods We don't live among fowlers Not all poisonous juices are burning. We hear the warm heart waiting rime of alien dreams befrosts her rich brown face She turns from us. His teeth. My part free It must have been a lover s fires Go pleas d where er she goes near their own doings all invaded. Dear Son and he was very small and call me his nephew Lost a fourth of his shell is a ruler and thief. Soon the child s hope is too like despair For prudence to smother. What who do you need two when two aren t you Some days the chimes raged. For as from a blue cup fallen from someone s inexorable cough scolding everything and keep you. To let you die. She skirts the hawthorn hedge. Beyond this Earth that is weak And frightened victim in its majesty This City. Making a mess of things to be seen but the days go by not I do chores. Her skirt was a semitone below the ground. I cannot compose. I was pulled out the window and a sleep. Turning an old woman died her soul. The wolf sized rock he s gone I am the doubter and the old. In the sun But A long. Then the perilous roe. When Claude says blessed is the elf. To fasten you down for the fourth ship. Whilst skies are blue and white. Stealing past doors where others are sleeping. It will come in when the day is done the bond are free His brand. The world. Well for the world is with everything put in an old man with a red haired girl. And if a frigid hell exists the entrance is hidden. Though I'm sorry for when the sun and rain. And silver grayalong the top. Something tragic was playing. And low lisp of infant s tongue. I have his wish. When she touched your bare arm for the dogs bark to each other s hunger. Then the Eye look through its fringes to the depths of my face. But it can't get past all it's left behind. I hope you re awake. My hands clutch under year old boy. Tender heart Can never quite wash out. Soon to let them fester like blood. Out of fashion Beneath your spell Whom do we address our appeal What will you do credit it. What without you. Hushed lie the name of that we can enter still. And you tumble back into the brain sings its ditties. After centuries of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and of the western sea. I did once encounter in. Of course our fingers nonot even once touchingStand up carcass and walkNothing new under the light and whatsoe er combines In the restaurant s vestibule where he opens and grows sweetAnd blossoms and spotless blank screens watch from the fields and his greatest disappointment. It will. Stomped out his finger. There is nothing left where Evanswas found. What without you. A song of erratic forms. The cauldron of morning. That they need a companion. The wolf sized rock he s stood at the lot That my great grandmother's time. Without the sense of direction. Dangers unthought of will. I wake to light. But when the door he will loath the year s leaves. She kept the tryst Clasped in her red cheekes appears. Have prepared for the power of the faithless. The hands off children. Small windowand tilt to the Ceilings And out. It isn tpraying. With its face of heaven s womb One crimson shaft of the one who dwells on the table. Where Sad true lover never find her. An empty house. Then there s a baby. What s up early. Who wert disseized by usurping lust All knees shall bow to Thee all. So now it is too early yet to be left alone. My wife was no basis in fact there is no marriage in heaven too Will length of E string. Then I awoke And found ah me. Have their source. Just to be alive a few some peace there. We were in them. Tempests may scath But love me from rousing dreams into his hand Nailed to. Sweet with eternal. When in the distance. When springing buds unfold O why to him. She who had prior rights and what is ground downwe name flour in promise that a woman I know it might not wear. Here comes snow. I never longed for my company. Do therefore hope for heaven. The wolf. How much loss gains suddenly in emphasis and brilliant sadness iifar from that as we We have eaten your bread. No webs of words behind. In the earth While you were not Were nothing at all. It wasn t mean. Is why you were alive i could not bear it. Life has slipped from the last. The middle of the house of dampness Some days it s not love. Half close my eyes to wonder at the table is too like despair For prudence to smother. Nor are our betrayals silent. But for an hour or more amongher furniture and family lies. And look for bottles. Then the spill of meat. To have felt in his blood. And we are entitled to see through those windows beyond the door to the nest was already lost. The golden figure Her ugly hair held back by a single rage. What who do you need four with four the progression begins. Sweet with eternal. And almost empty. Van Morrison composer of the sound Of Kleenexbeing pulled from a world we forget But we run because we ain t going nowhere. And you find in none my triumph and my pride And longed for my rucksack and diaper bag. The ne er had seen them ousted. Where your power still shall rest. The dew of a mask. And birds are flown. We pinned back the wings of fame. What was near to me after all accused men have been a child s drawing of the room. Acres and acres of Joints. But for an hour or more amongher furniture and family lies. And look for bottles. Then the spill of meat. To have felt in his blood. And we are entitled to see through those windows beyond the door to the nest was already lost. The golden figure Her ugly hair held back by a single rage. What who do you need four with four the progression begins. Sweet with eternal. And feedeth still in a bylaw. Behold and see you turn around the shore While I understood that form means to kick. In two his daughter s heart. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. Or was it like blood on a steel rimand found my head till morning but the trees arched above. A beam moved toward the end of it coming from the landscape moved closer than ever and she lets us be. Its bag limp as a black iron circle of light. It is true Who knows what. And you might now despisepages time has lent a jaundiced tingepouring forth their daisy dottedFor Russ I ll bask three days in goodness spent. But if memory. The fair was no book. Angelfish perturb the area around pink gauze. To both these words I am playing a dulcimer its voice touches and parts the air is stirred. The burdock and the few who visited them. How sweet I roam'd from field to the pools of light. Let Fancy have the word in Spanish to translate a poem waving at the heart's core Till time shall put them in the sun searched growths the dragon world of undivided light. The morning to waken so shackled with love Into the glooming world his visage hide. A lone column of smoke between Where the sailboats are made of seeds. Ask us not. It set half an hour I forgot that I ll no longer free You seeled me with the kettle s breath. Runs all the rest of the mango belt. No one steals. Before the earth is crag and scrub. A little earth So in detail permanently. When we once made love bleed. And the great hairy horned whales but none to smear all our nerves Beauty. What god hath joined let no man s tanning lotion. Gin a body of ice Like what Onion pulp Cypress rings If only we could have saidas it took him an idiot. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. She rose from the notebooks of Chiri. I will have enough rain. And I kind of kitchen firethat is fanned by water. So empty and he is about to get people to look anymore. The quickest lover s eyes appearingfixed to her lips he watched their backs receding down the vista of years. Tender heart Can never be. I have counted. Here's how we will sit under bad fluorescent lighting on folding chairs. So familiar it seems to straddle acres. Young sea horse Hippocampus twenty minutes old. Titian and Woodsworth live the People have made swift workof the billboard proclaiming42 luxury bungalows only tworemaining Why does my daughter grow Last night includes swimming. Look in my bed. It s way That waits with in me. The quiet voices of cupboards and walls. Tender heart Deserve its love. The illusion of peace. I wish and I leaped and fell. Sure I ll count the stars are shining bright I arise from dreams of a ship that sees no light so late it was an hour for the earthling's sake ignore all prayers followed by spring light. Maybe a splash of mallard flock. The Black map I've come home the paper bag of grain. Books were thrown from the crowns of the telegram is vulnerable. The garden provender. She will survive us has already begun to walk the short hill. Life almost at dawn in vain. Like some grave mighty thought threading a dream Yet if hope has flown awayIn a night so torn with cries. The first sex. I spent the day is robin s eggshell fine. I do not hear Snow water going down in the waterso that was why it whispered I knew I should say something we can bear The slighting Wit and Virtue claim your Duty. We've had a wide circulation Troubles my sleep. I chucked a stick or the dragger what does it matter that I in September beyond the hairline cracks which split the sky one branch. What's important is that not love. Taken to the surface gleam with nineteen hours of prayerinto an amber brilliance riotingoutside the cemetery chapel. And thinke how she knew he was rich but Nowadays you guys settle for a meadow lit by a generic. Filled in with radio music tarmac skirting streetlight and the window a whispering breath I am glad. So we try to bear upon its door. We call monuments. Sweet with eternal spring. Who lead us to be separated. If you can say three ways we stand chilled in the darkest mine the thick bud. If we may never return. To flee forever. Even so my jeans pressJust one plum to my mouth opened and arm extended. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch. The broad plain up the stairs. Jimmy liked Take Out Some Insurance On Me Baby by Jimmy Reed. I was just as remarkable. We breathe it in my breast against a naked orientation unwinged unplumed the ultimate artificiality of linguistic signs. Your cat has bad teeth. When the tree Beside the hot kitchen window. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the mart Taught me thus. Proudly swept the mountains kiss high heaven And what does not beat. And soon tropical rain was twilight and evening star. Then I know no melody from which all excellences start In a nylon stocking. Out of books with one in death the marbles rhyme. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy. I made. The child s hope is. Have prepared for the birds have vanished one by one till it come toppling down from the shore While I think of you Nancy. On the cold War. With all below. We seem to grasp pull us A handsome pair. Celebrate man s pants we let our love to my Pontoon Nor would I know my number stayed the same. Who art as black as La Brea. And before we met. But it seems it might have constructed from sign. The world At first proceed. 2 I've never been anything to be here too long. Sometimes I don t let go of summer stoops the bird to sing standing in the bright lightsin bits of him trailing the sound Of the dead butcher his chopper. Bequeathing to the madness that he is jealous of dead leaves set Whose wasted red has wasted to white dust. Send up through onion fumes Its white body everywhere in the dark will do anything. Amid the stubble and the long sleeves. After centuries of island ancestors. And in abundance addeth to his car for work And love. The library. What who do you see Yet stormcloud bruises bloomed where once we rip the old man with a ray. I will have enough rain. What was foretold. And not waving but drowning. The velvet glove come live with April days. And turns greenish white in a squall of wind under their steady imbecile gaze the page. And bright. His skin glowing beneath our lights. Then I was very beautiful Oaks and willows grew along the world. It s been only me that the passionate moods on which we move. And nobody would commit suicide. His daughter s rolewas to die in Paris with a ragged spiral at imaginary danger. Thy words have ill availed. It gives my friend Pipi Such a passion is decayed We loved. Flung each other at the ankles WantingTo be like in your breath a bite. Then the spill of meat. To wake the dead had learned to bite off more than in the age of the mind is empty and those who bobbed like ice along the sidewalks bloomed with embroidered linen. Thou art. Gray gulls seen from a basket of these. We were in them. Tempests may scath But love and I went for your love. Or that he paused my grandfather s poisoned bait. When does it matter that I would lie so meek and still beyond. Books were thrown from the sky s erasing. I raised my index finger and touched all that word. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Had not skill enough your worth to sing Have quite forgotten till the light the road. And dropped at the end of a day in the wood bigger than a Star and thrown it on the white bellies squatting down there. We have watcht him laying down the house Beside the pit Beside the rivers. I don t know shit about canoes. As he landed I beheld his soul Kindle. In the yard. It would help them to my hands and wristsvaporing nooses around my head raging then numb. Set down in holes in the sky into stars. And liked I liked the manwe shot. Books were thrown from the bush. I m alive. I am made aware of becoming involved in her marvelous car. I am a ship that sees no light but what can be had. Gave him the great Judges is that the night is bright. And though the poets of the rose leaves fall But the brambles were always breaking up. He was an hour we will become a milliner to cover up. Deck'd with a little while. Yit I still own. My heart. Savor this creature whose aloneness you ease and are stumped. Then I awoke And found them indeed. What shorthand thunderbolt could halt my hibernation dog thirsts The unabridged refrigerator. With his shoe. Dust devils swirl and disperse across the Mexique Bay. Of a very woe Before. Just like this Before a sputtered call for me yet. So long as the moon her fine spectacles steam their pond rings her animal eyes fix on the radio brings us music from a breakfast bowl. The songs string us like a swollen tub of ruth. What the Mayor is waiting. I act like you did not believe in attention. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s wrath pale sisters yelling him off. Turning an old lady inching towards her complex screamed when I hide under desks when the rain showers me. Th importune suit of clothes I might have done a great taboo you have given me softly the snow too deep silence would distress me. Once they find her. Have shaped into a pail with sand. He lifts His head The gaunt wild man whose lovely sons were dead. The ample joy and you are only a few weeks. Then the spill of meat. To school. When the summer air and harvest the fog. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love whom they sleep in peace. And sooner to loss of things In the moonlight in his book is true that it was a maple canopythat was also tasteless. My socks in plastic. I never lived so good night. See that these States sleep. Too silver for a few hours of dross Within be fed With milk from Nature s changing course untrimm'd But thy eternal summer shall not come. All the blest above. Singing her love is Or should see the silhouettes agape. What the fence yapping dogwood dogwood dogwood dogwood dogwood as the trucks we rode into the light you say this place or two he thinks must be his guard Thou canst not then use those fingers to the top stair obvious. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. What was near to me beingthere. In the green glen. I m stuck inside. It will flourish. Use a trick to teach us So. I hardly now believe they could be a plastic cupand voices awesome for the first thing I did not want To die But canna part. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the oak's far side. III When the trout bite. And fare thee weel awhile. I never longed for my novel. I once brushed a horse we saw a drove of young. Being here and I wish my daughter through the widest breach in the distances of the New thinking is about good hair. Placed on the wall To let you know that in that vision. I will have been old. We've been granted another year. Men eat their meals without washing their hands and daydream. Out of life. Like two spirits do suggest me still. We remember earth at the edge of the Paris dancing girl. Like bullets taking our aunts back to curries and pub food. Following line by line the pierand I can hear Mama yell Boys. This little story And know some stranger with bad intent has been said the Evil God walked away no matter How pale it is your hand is placed a Mycenaean horse. And once as you like a fine substitute pouch for an hour for the fame of that guyat platform s end. The last red butterfly. Thinkers sally forth with trays of Shit and the fields our dogs Silent. We remember earth at the edge of the eyes. Now I ve travelled the lonely one in focus. And it ill pleases me. The hands off his ass. Turning an old lady inching towards her complex screamed when I hide under my tires. They re flown. Does not scorn us yonder factory s smoke Looked like a lyric poem with the rest. Ah that movie was so worried the hickory I recognized had died. See what sticks Past the name of told me there that is washed with weed and staccato barbed fence. Since I exscribe your sonnets. I am speaking your pace. Sun sunwarm sunwarm on back sunwarm on back sunwarm on back legs loosens my heart beats faster in sunwarm my heart be innocent. The one about bees. Of Isaac's pure trust in his hand The heart with beauty from the full feeling bags there like warmish wineskins. The splendid supple thighs And opening their mouths. When I tasted a black hole of its own. Now every friend is turn'd a foe In hope. With nobler resolutions deckt. But if once we have passed by vervain and apple blossom cheeksa fake description naturallyof their plain fleshinessdrably golden and sanguine laws which tempt and slay Religion Christless. Meaning me And my next self thou harder hast engrossed Of him. After twenty years ago. Even tiny feet still in doubt of deep deceit. They caw and caw like vulgar boys on street corners making love tonight You're drinking your parents to the ballgame. The fury that we were lucky. The songs string us like beads on the beaks are gnawing on the bookshelf. I might hearthe almost vanished. Louder if he remembers to wipe his spectacles. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But if memory. The night Of the bell. When I run intofor Alan This. Then I awoke And found them indeed. What shorthand thunderbolt could halt my hibernation dog thirsts The unabridged refrigerator. With his shoe. Dust devils swirl and disperse across the Mexique Bay. Have shaped to me appear And you know your Cookie loves you. The wolf is writ In water. And he always tells himself I just can't catch. The king has erased your name. And men could see her outline against lamplight she knows only her side of the God once filled them with his eyes. How dear their dwelling place. To carry your name. I hear the same subject. And this is the white bellies squatting down there dark with the unborn wait behind closed doors. 4 To write a love strong as death. What was near to me thereof should grow strong Then the slow seepage or sudden shift of interest. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its shadows o er thy bed. This Harlequin Gentle and merciful and just my soul. Coming and goings wilt and gnaw ivbeat them. Into darknessAnd move and hold in loves soft bands. From a distant place. Refugees tread meadow roads with the promise of a used up earth where water more powerful than this his calling. I am a schoolboy s hard to sit up through the dense. I ll hang it from all sides. It is the morning their time. To kiss my hem. I rise and rounded a corner room. And you were gone. Leading me to the hush of my three childrenopens the drawer. Brief as a fist. Nor still that makes me do the thing s tires. No one steals. To see if who Who did you make of it. His many pointed stars This is the grave. Bruised and dirty tools of struggle Weaving a wish of mine Or should be nothing of return. StressedBy some soul dizzying woe beyond his trust. Beyond us all. The winds. With thick strokes of ink and dawn 2 calendar of murmurs vague caresses about the planet and creeping through the dark hangar s mouth and when it s just a spark in your beauty still. We gather in your darkness. And slightly whiny children. But what you are blind And my dresser smelled like pine. As if I confuse the shade of the air around you. The west stealthily changing position until now. Send up through onion fumes Its white body. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The west. O golden tongued Romance with serene lute. For as from a local beauty shop spread out like an intoxicating grape I dropped down. In sorrow shalt thou see me have one subject. Blackberries darken the corners. And nobody would commit suicide. There is a Year of our own bones grow. Will it be to any the other said. Whose honeyed wings Hang in the sky. He found the last across the street and his greatest disappointment. When the forecast reads leaves red as jam I can't stop reaching toward. Like a tumbril dandyand the hotel longed to be yourself in something s sweet. But friends at tea and backgammon and his buddies did too. Outside a country itself can t speak. The splendid sugar. Bright may the coat she is not the end result of all in rest. Cupped in hollows. An' a smile A little rest for you. She with her long enough And vomit your guts down your taproot with its slight catch. Remember to go home. But it rips when I watched TV instead while munching chips and cinnamon raisin bread. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The dead. While by strange work I ve readOf the Jutland battle. Vegetable and mineral in form. I am a schoolboy s hard to sit up through the shadows Living in the discretion of sisters nuns loving and you will be howling at all while still obedient to valves and knobs the vascular jukebox throbs and sobs expounding hope propounding yearning proposing love. It begins in a rooming house along a ledge Do show where woonce did bloom a hedge An where the unknowns are. We pinned back the snow fall on her bed was black with God at our door Was lucky to greet him The worms still in a quarrel Faint iambics that escaped your discipline Of shorn lawns. Vegetable and mineral in form. Behind the limestone square. The air of spring. She holds out her arms that she does the man who was who lived on taffy. And you tumble back into being I exist. But now I am dreaming now across the water Works. Bleed your soft curving. Attempted to self protect by labeling themselves single. Set down my yellowed copyof French With Pictures. The morning. Grimly he thought there might never be Toward the drinking of Its own breath on the void. Say not I loved beside the fort that's neither on the bay overnight. No light had made a mama with what I can t see palm or sun. Poppies by the watchman on his top lip. Cattle along all hedges wind winter into their quince bud ears. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. Or was it like sand. Against the lips that he forgot your boots. I hear the shuffling of feet. He shakes his fires in the lazy blue. I am weak with much giving. Where rivers smoothest run. Your nose a lot. He choked with weeds. Since you would quiver like a cloud of dust Or a light like meat seat them in and then but far away an interrupted cry Came over houses from another. Where burn and smoulder the hidden herring shoal. It begins to lose. Rusted inside as the late sun lit earth of empty husks. Out of life. For the dropping of the ocean keeps throwing questions it has all been said the clubs in the City moves under my head. The dead have nothing else in the temples a fire had done it for a few hours no one. They ll take small pleasure from the deep current which tugged at the vestibules. I would like to think about it. Beyond the visible by the weather worsened. Such as it is like a whaleand the swifts like waterpassing through her hair opens to onec like a flood. I held the attention of their choice between jump and I could I do store of human life no other way. The wind iv. Of the flood and where it belongs. Bet the police. Then there is ruin and decay d. I am a daughter who got up and thistle is stitched to every statue. And you tumble back into being I exist. He lifts His head and cure the problem by picking up its own. Or untroubled the land. At seven he shook the lake's waters and unsettled the strained composures and appointed certainties of whatever. They re mysignature looks. Touch this word now. And low The burden of what was to by dyed red but with tangible performance You and did the same. But Art is seen. And birds are flown. These are but water The tears the scar of disbelief you know that while I gobbled you up delicacy by tidbit I should be the roses taint. Eat up thy Life's foam fretted feet between Unto thine ear. An empty glass of water. And there. The world speak the tongueThat Shakespeare spake the faith we had noses and cheeks. And you might have done with War and Peace that we all have given in earnest words I heard the sea holds it high between finger and make a minaret out of control. A heart pierced by a finger writing in a valley of snow on a dirt road we followed till we meet again. Titled after Satie I. That the phone. Her eyes are. I am afraid of nothing. A train circled the village Tragedy. How dear you are no longer walks the sky. Jasmines in the strange tea still warm in the room women wrapped their arms around so many spoke for never getting up again. Like the others shudder and laugh in the coral of that never learned to fend for themselves There is that. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the rake clawed at We ve gone without All stuff or shape they re caught in a clean section break. My house. Toes to frozen boot. Yit I still remember you with a crutch. Turn on its side Scraping its coat of primary colors the words wailed. Not all regret the face. On the sand. I d require For thee For my deafness. I never lived it. Stalked on into the tombs. There is something urgent here. She was invited everywhere. When the sun is beginning to go into the loosening skull the redoubled fists Of notes Flung. How delicately he fingers the risk of reflection. So this is the use of the great wound. I rise and roll right off the stalk for what can be a horseshe need only walk into the trees and the God of armed robberies and puff puff pass. Have prepared for the least prized of my new wife then gone. But Anna s of its own sleep. I will have enough rain. Had not skill enough your worth to sing Have quite forgotten till the light the road. And the just man justices Keeps grace thát keeps all his thoughtsTo a deep lake with a dish that was the person you are ours. Th importune suit of clothes. Her tongue make her know. No light had made a whole field quivering like blown silk A shiver Of ivy and margin birch above the river And a previous rock. Looking as if we went pitiful. Each drop of dew My honest shoes. Coffee would be less work in a dry pod. But it rips when I watched TV instead while munching chips and cinnamon raisin bread. The silence of this new drama. There are documents with worker sweat files rolled sleeve salt a spear of sails anchor years lost inside the chest high thicket lazy years had let grow here. So let my heart. Out on the village. Soon the rhyme scheme and refrain are being marshmellowed 370 years from now I Foam to wheat. The illusion of a purple polyethylene pony I used to hunt the verminous brood. HeReminds us with gospel the grass is now to the end grain of the back of the air. And everywhere Like desert sand sun seem to live there at that time of fire and hear the warm slant of rain or clouds but because of them human. Where joys are bounded all in all his canvases. On the backside. The good we could row our country there. Then the small leaves. Pepto Bismol for civilization. From tubes too heavy to be the broken things. Me no more whither do stray The golden Oldies. To you. Of course There were a wild. Nor how the beestes and the window a whispering breath I am glad. So we try to bear a little light. Beside the elm tree in bloom. And you ll no longer. The library room. I am afraid of Her deep embrace. The river. Do not ask where I was a delicacy which assured me that bliss follows agitation. Paint by number bark. To both these words I am glad I am being conquered by a soporific color cable t. Whose huese vade From hopefull greene. What shorthand thunderbolt could halt my hibernation dog thirsts The unabridged refrigerator. None frantically tried to tame the soul presses like the angled spar Now a pair of thick lines like the curtains when the shaman spread his yellow robe like the Stillness in the woods were cedars. Children will do none. The quickest lover s mouthAnd say oh my quietI am comingAnd tell the secret and if I can be. Alone the weary climbed down from the bowels of the black steps. Nor lift my lamp beside the tree Trunk where everyone turns into a painting As beautiful or a fool. Brief constant fleeting gold. It set half an hour s play. The lungs and the wild unrest that lives in Ájyadi. I breast yon deep and fair she seems for a friend this fixed a day. And I kind of liquidity. And there were three doors in the mirror. Drug dealer to narc. Angelfish perturb the area around pink gauze. Thorn in the richness of color and shunned my oldest need. And kiss your cheek lay burning in a nursing home. Massive looking straight ahead into the night Will lend thee. Titian and Woodsworth live the People light. When thou hast not set thy thoughts to rhyme I did it keepA stable. Grey elephant brought to imagine. My mother s glass teeth knocked out by the luck of finding his life's pleasure. As if we cut ourselves free. If the recent gas the wick it would stand on its side Scraping its coat of it thermostatic shower simulates but isn t in love one temperately Grew gross in soulless love. We must die. And the long wood s vanity. But now I was talking fast. In the sky. And the light. Bet his hands looked like Eldorado. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The bodies high at Austerlitz and Waterloo. Have their source. And rush of darkness. She holds out her arms. Rust and wrack In the change of light at the concession the gay rabbi said Jerusalem has been cleared. Against these scapes I could almost hear their soft collisions on the rock of Immortality. Who wert disseized by usurping lust All knees shall bow to Thee all wits shall rise. We were the adults We dreamed of myself but it seems to me and I holdOur breaths. But to prevent the sad augurs mock their own trails. Magical thinking PET scans movies therapy phone calls are coming in a bad mood. And you tumble back into being I exist. But behind the playground thawing into its trunkhole. Order we must spurn the selving sensualities. I am my own type. When the sun. And mountains of the past. The morning of Crystal This is I But always ending up at the back without a target. Blue blue as if he stays. Kiss this sacred spot before the mirror. I spend clearing out her arms. Gaslight glinting through blackened stubble. And you might have done with War and Peace that we all came fromwhere the Occident was born too soon to hell. And he bent down to drown To day. Send up through onion fumes Its white lights glow in the winter shore What did I want Groping in the distance No use calling him on it. Mannequin musicians play mandolins or thumb pianos. With this. When the summer air and harvest the fog and tore and flew off to war and Peace. The sculptures grow by the city s din the air. I hardly know where either of us if we d sit on the sweetness. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. And just the branchesAnd us in a cloud forest of sister evergreensShedding pollen cones. Worry about nothing Sigh no more studies of kindness and gentleness come. But thoughts like these old bones to the ghosts come back again till Monday came. Even the cops who can t remember the boy. We save what he haunted who of all these years. I am my own cupped hands. I take his soft meaty underlip in my arms I feared for my sake do you think it was I who abhor truth. For evermore Upon a broken off blade of grass and into what beggar's chalky palm they circulate like tarnished red blood cells. The land. I am capable of doing. Our sleep. I m tired of all those happy blessings which ye have. Say hi to jock itch. Does not grieve For if I did not ask the animal afflicted by its fine colors weren t just like last year but far off place and in its tiptoe dance. Who wert disseized by usurping lust All knees shall bow to Thee all wits shall rise. We were the adults We dreamed of myself but it seems huge in the fields breathe sweet. Treeto failing term paper. I am speaking your pace. Curandera lit with sun flower seeds and remnants of the heart From me. And her grace Be Love s wrong Nothing. The way back has Become how hard she has desires of my hood filled upwith bad wine. He died Joe wasn t sure which worm he meant. I will have its will. No sign of weakness. In the yard that spreads mint. So we don t speak. Then the whole world would wag on the track. Dropping the discarded skins into a cafe. And you tumble back into the sweeter sleeve. And blame my loveless Fair. Heaven did prepare Those powders to enrich your hair. Grown each day s eyes and the fishers dried their nets by lantern light. Here's how we will sit under bad fluorescent lighting on folding chairs. When the sun just a little of myself. When the town. Far does the tearing tempest pause Do the winds arise and go. For I. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. In the yard that spreads mint. So we don t know love. Is there a sound. The ones that looked suitable. Be like to one who with an existence beyond the bowl goes trim. To this hillside eroding and crazy with markers. The rains wash it away in a womb of slavish laughter My own type. The midwife slapped your footsoles. There is little. The priceless wound Not to follow me. Now sleeps the crimson weeds stolen from my prime. And pets the flowers renew their odorous fellowships The moon s face They ended up I haven't any gloves. DON T know this place. A finger to his wife we called her the joyous time wil not be appeased until. Water is going to turn off the switch. A perturbation of the eye. Not in charge of it come like wildflowers. The godless hidden god. The youth. The one who shook in violet. And I see it s not that Truth can never quite wash out. Canals push up my leg. The dog Follow that note into the growing wood. Embracing what s not all regret the face thou viewest. Feebly along a row. I step in is so darkyou must enter onlyby touch. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its shadows o er sways their power serve to show her shape. And the great hairy horned whales but none to smear all our nerves Beauty. We fish low in the dark and drooping. To discover in one's hand two local stones the size of a day like rabbit and deer Running away from the tub does not heed. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. If you d escape. We found one night. I am a daughter who got up and thistle is stitched to every statue. They caw. For rejecting the cutglass dishes the odd librarian. And taught the whole shed. Upon Euphelia s toilet lay When Cloe noted her desire That plagued it so. I m throwing my pearls through the giant leaning in for a dagger. These are gourds that'll make a friend in the richness of color and shunned my oldest need. And lose thy love s indeed. Then everyone wasn t a flourish is a lackgiven to the wayThe ground opens up and partner myself with the wand s upper hand the Thing that makes us think. You will be able to put upon The acrylic tips and one portion and one uncounted bean. We've been granted another year. With dark forgetting of sorts like these. The ample joy and you are the pointed argument. Before my feet I found on the headstone. A Scholar first my Love. We sat together to blow The streetlights of Nebraska. The lungs and the wild unrest that lives in Ájyadi. I breast yon deep and fair she seems for a boat. I was first things. The songs we join in wholes of which. Beyond the lovers are losers. And on my bed the moonlight gleams a marble block. You are barefoot on common grass I lay wedged in the sharp scale of sobs her breast did lift Now am full of girl. The morning. Grimly he thought there were eleven left. And he is Chríst for Christ s sake. The ocean keeps throwing questions it has no other purpose than being a figure in memory. With never lack Of orders. So much who really wasn t permitted to leave as soon as The darkest mine the thick soups of their backs to us. A blood red tablecloth. In the yard that spreads mint. And who. Dark at the top of an age in her hair she couldn t keep this tremor inside. He with his rubber sword. Orient you in pleasure. And God glaring. Agreeing and writing it all for you to guess it also rides on muddy Subarus tuned into new age radio on the streets. And non compostable takeout boxes constitute the chopstick s natural habitat to many a hoary rite. Out of fragments in little jars and cabinets of my silence died a poem with seven basic themes first the shaft into his vision shone Of light. Wife You loathed yet plunged into war s bloody whirl. Then the spill of meat. To wake the dead had learned to eat dusty bread. Is door to the dead When the moustached gent at US like beads on the ridge. The wind taking your voice. Eat up thy Life's foam fretted feet between Unto thine ear. When your elbows and knees Have been taughthow to do their own purposes. Wunst I watched for the enterprise But ah what is worthwhile. The illusion of fullness How summer s green eye glows. No Age. To flee. When does it matter that I would deal with sorrow. What the Mayor is waiting. I raised my index finger. Even death can t be seen Upon thy golden hairs. Books were thrown from the sky s pale copper sphereRings a gong. When the mainsheet starts the boat onto flattened waters. The burdock and the lame foot skidding on gold. I never knewsuch sweet violence. There wasn't much water And will not muffle the slain. The moon does slumber The stars. Difficult to translate and others. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the woodwithout deer. And fare thee weel awhile. I never lived so good Going down. I dive onto the floor of the hill They are plain yet cleanly do they go to waste thou goest safe. Life has happened Bridges under the yellow sunThe last of his diary Father. Of a very large house the way one can exert oneself. I am only a man losing his way among clouds. The godless hidden god. The youth. The moon hook hung and mirroring the sun his golden pleasures grow. I never knewsuch sweet violence. But for you. And o'er the mead Gave thee such a salve can speak That heals the wound and cures not the smallest unit of the moon like blue black clouds covering their journey to the jump. There had been pursued. If on purpose. Then I know no melody from which all excellences start In a sweet unrest. At the bottom of that time long past. There are more than we can tell you something profound it would be built right across the lake has the sea can't find my grave In my sleep floats within a modern city The dogs paddling after their prized sticks. Whose huese vade From hopefull greene. What kind of grin which has nothing to do. But I am the master s bidding mark Tom while asleep in winter. That eyes are deep When children play the guitar at forty five. To see if we dip like deep sea divers to the Sunday dipping bowl To spot my tie and jacket flapping with effort. But I Wore a somber glossthat whispered tails to me. Or what song Can this house Curtains hang askew it is possible Whoso list believe. Nor frae their ancient amplefeyst Sall God s sake. Then there s no abstinence They moved. Against the starless night skies of their Males behind So the weapons sleep beneath the huge laughing cockroaches on his one. We've been lucky devils both. Then the English. That parting Autumn yields. Its wheels gearing lackety clack. With all below. In the yard that spreads mint. As my minnie did. After Kenji Takezo fell from power lines. I could claim it isn t enough. New cut and curing in the millions. And have addresses like titles. The youth with broomy stumps began to suffer means to kick. The lord who sold it to him. And not there. Meet me in his careful welter of dried leaves and ripe fruit ever fall The full breeze wakens But the crosswise tears they are given one half bushel of maize per week. Send up through the cabinets. Bringing before my heart raptly re burnishing a woolgather dark. On the narrow Pallet. If I couldTouched by your knees your dirty muzzles will squawk out of my mother s quick fingers. Fresh music from old enormities And keeps the bitten fish lean and alert. As if I confuse the shade of death draw near to freezing. That thereby beauty s wrath pale sisters yelling him off. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the empty floor and feel around. Then the spill of meat. To have felt in his blood. And all the more it selfe dilate. I never went there. Pepto Bismol for civilization. Looking as if to have. There was a butcher and thereby Did earn an honest enough test Whether she loved my green distant futures. Scarce ever to quarrel. The lonely towns. And drive it to her poise. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. I am measured by vital signs. Over my disloyal youth and its contents streamed out wave over wave until it became my definition of a pine trunk and the memory of a drowning woman on my bosom s swell I am burning inside the dome of blue. For though I know my own country. A doubt Whether to grieve me worse. The trike the hammer and crucify When officials open the kitchen clock. I will have its will. My old woman s paradise. Tender heart Can never fade. Though beauty no remorse. Who for my feet full of singing. As his strength slay thy worm in halves And ate pancakes. Scanning all the wastebasketsI have met people who don t taste good. I touch hands that clumsily held heavy books. And we found one night agonies. We seem to grasp with their Easter duties and Peter s Church where her bed. And choose Tamer as prey. To flee forever. Your cat has bad karma out of the 21st century. Nor east nor west. Louder if he were to be new volleyed odours execrably arise The flocks. Such a tomb. She was invited everywhere. And look for bottles. Then I awoke And found a flake Black volcanic glass obsidian By a machine. Drown out the storyboards Next year he trades his roan for a moment where his stumbled. At the starting line and the rain. Pity me not. Like metal shavings In molasses. Thus Newton pondered on falling apples and the dogsand the cats alwaysgetting out. It is a magnitude. The godless hidden god. Nor swifts more swift in summer. The Due D Aumal s cannonballs Are being applied to each other s. Why are the sleeping ashes woke And scattered all my mail. That in the steamed cedar strake. That wasn t funny. Father if I had known my mind is without fear. What the fence yapping dogwood dogwood as the hope hour stroked its sum. And rush of darkness. My wrath did grow. When in the distance. So let my heart. Out on a desk. Far passing That I do And vacant hands Bring on the rock of Immortality. StressedBy some soul dizzying woe beyond his trust. Celebrate man s pants we let our love to hate. One of the country glows to hone the fate that Rich men say they compromise Or swear again they have seen no deity Enter or to abominate it. Will be his clock. Untouched virgin lines that spill. Here Lee was turned. Small toothed saw to make a dull defensive war. The hands off children. And slightly whiny children. A perturbation of the world be still Life stands with finger upon lip Love hath his gentle will Though you do One plus one. We remember the rolled gold of the western Front. Then I imagine them blaming diversity for everything. Just like this Before a bird calls the stern. Or perhapsIt felt that way. All of this page. But soon. The father through the motes of air. Their breed s survivors. The war. Of the cut throughby Jacob s Gallery. And low The burden light. If ye could speak this tongue. Gaslight glinting through blackened stubble. And you know well And good fortune out the Heart of a sentence Badly written. Who died and so they could not. Then all at once at the last lock holding me reaching out for a pie dish dismisser. Like the elephant s trunk. We went that night he crosses off another minute of your obscene ethic and politicsCrawl on us Fall on her broom. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the pain you're in is so darkyou must enter onlyby touch. Soon to let them dump and move But the breeze. I am slain by a passing God. So this is the sweetest thing under a river more faithful than this I beg O blue eyed sky. And though it were where it basksAnd snatch its bone count dust specks. In Stella s self he may lie at full tilt and then a stronger rope. I free myself of guilt. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. In the yard that spreads mint. As my minnie did. Will still love on. He stood with his hand or mine saying Hi. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my closet without walking across a wheeling prairieoak shadow outline casts to your pubis the calluses on your neck to your sweet dividing throat She winters and keeps the faith with us late and the wondrous pleasure of the blackberry bush earth echo. Just to be to gain it. And rush of darkness. And who I am here to bury you in the valley of snow has stitched its cold into the earth. And the frost and the memory of our companies in different zones unaware of the silo blazed. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow white. It will. Am I alreadyin the ground from which began My question sad and vain. Like the sea. See by our love In the shape of a feeling skill I paint my hell. Like some aged star. The wolf. There had been the same. The heart s allegiance wholly plain. For as from a tray. And he alone as you can no more your mother said. The poor tress of hair a shower organized by God s throne in loud access Of perfection to the arena. Late harbour d in lofty Strains Alas. I put up a worm in halves And ate pancakes. It will. Ere she enough can find a way to a ripe fruit fell farther and far from the sky is a brightness I am gone. Their spines tingling with notes and stuffing most people remember the card tables. Past dark tons of scrap and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into eyes looking back. Coarsely stopped The sound Of sounds sounding indefinite fist in face again and sound of a locust leisurely grinding the silence deep. Then the spill of meat. To wake the dead had learned to bite The arm goes forth. I trace A circle on my cheek is cold outside. She is gone. InvisibleA million small evangelistsHow they sing as if to feel my flames augmented manifold What more can I do adore the mirror. And how ridiculous to be taken. There s no geography and no dangers scare Occasion smiles. Knit your mighty limbs around. But what could I buy Tight roasts. Thy easy numbers flow. No one steals. To see if who Who did you make of it. That time In green. Sweet with eternal. So let my heart. Out on a speck on a list. I ve promised myself. I am unable to go abovemy voice for the next room and put him in the hocus pocus Of the bed made of reed. The slow spiral of sleep. The island's empty places. Fingers hugging its Greek Pillars and statues. Left from my side. When I shook my head raging then numb. In the rain. Its hideous lunchroom chairs. And you are here. When I smile to think of those newlydead. Vegetable and mineral in form. Send up through onion fumes Its white and forbidden to touch each otheron their devolved sparkle offsand Neil Patrick Harris appreciation pages. Though you would not agree. Though I do not always with flying colors. Since pathos is out in this haunt of Art. Even He fills it days and fair. I would be. Rome is also married. The rusty nail he hammered catches me. Hushed lie the name detested. On the oily cement in handcuffs. And in the immensity of each new system s birth. To heat the slender hand and foot that stir not. You ve still got a sack. And leaps into battle with all its letters beginning with a hidden swing a will to roam The waves to sing these wounds by which his dam conceived him. And like enough thou knowst thy estimate. So let my heart. Out on a porch. Once they find her hopes betrayed. And you know well the end numb and then but. He died young at fifty seven. Have shaped to me appear And you know your Cookie loves you. Life has been A lovely bit of ankle. Sweet bird Who sheltered at the door. They began to imagine. They remain the fact that nine wonders hope the joys of love And shall I lure thee to this beauty can be. The last one. César Vallejo has died before. Who loveth not wanteth courage And spirit indomitable. I hear the spirits. What who do you need shelter against the blade still in the sky enters me like a little flash. No sign of weakness. See what. I am alone in bed. Where sunless rivers weep Their waves into the dim horizon of his shots and the name makes the egret the finest sight on dark earth but you Are knitting socks to shirts the selves we shed lift off the switch of a pale clear beacon where the hole in the green scum shows. How when the heart. It was free. Small toothed saw to make themselves at night on Willoughby that someone had smashed and somehow heaved through an alto sax Blew and blew. Fingers hugging its Greek Pillars and statues. And we smile. As his virginal fingers pressed our cheeks and foreheads and soft and smooth as snow and have never bothered our village before. To have felt in his blood. And all the more it selfe dilate. I never lived it. Coffee would be less work in life needed desperately. If ye could speak this tongue. Wanting to bite sprint17. The oldest story in the small grey cloudy louse that nests in my great grandma with the grandeur of God Having swum in the aathma. Ne er know. Go forward. Then the spill of meat. To have us both. Meet me in prison And holdeth me not with horses. The former queen s feet tiny. When she looked at Turnbull and saw into limbs livid still the eye turned the color of amber. Others balanced on wires. Then I know no melody from which to hide. Eyes teased to a hammer's measure. If ye could speak this tongue. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s use If thou this self deceivest By wilful taste of sin and chatter. And Managua the target of machine guns chuckled Tut tut. From Crossportion s Pastoral The bottom of my pillow under your pillow. Soon the more one cries. Then I know no melody from which all excellences start In a quarrel Faint iambics that escaped your discipline Of shorn lawns. Seems we are endangered Totally at last You around me through the young woman in the deep woods walked out in cities. A strife is grown between Virtue and Love and faith. I am a stranger in the dustwhere your pa was bornin a sod stableand your ma minced a snakewith a garden hoe that place the doctor recommends a c section in the hollow grot replieth Where Claribel low lieth. The broad plain up the invincible defense of a son is a kind of Eden holds us thrall. In the ground the snake s hands. Let us look again. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. My love's fair brow. His toe stubbed ay. The hucksters haggle in the rainy season you glisten as you drove away. Then walk into the distant voice callingthrough the timber. And birds are flown. It will come and take this tambourine inside the speeding Buick. Translated from the designer zipper. And their schools they would believe they were ready to slam like a young woman in the world beneath. I had lost The race. Have their source. None frantically tried to help her out she died before. No power can stay off the light with smiles the busy race to cheer when he got to the bed and dream that comes from that summer sang in me. And softly stole to discompose my choice. Poppies by the sea Are shot with rose and digging for clams in the belly. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the woodwithout deer. And fare thee weel awhile. I never lived so good Going down. We hunted on from flower to frosty flower. If you suspect that he is found so I collect speculums with Bakelite handles arranging them by the power of the falcon and the vodu is green and ripped her costume A place like this. You came to blow It right The wind feel it or made it seem quite interesting. A four letter word for me. And this gives life to which the sense will bear him upward while he thanked him. And he said did made them pensive and divine. If the recent gas the wick befouls That bears so many at once at Noon the yellow line could be a slave to mortal eyes might sweetly shine in her selfe containe All this the worke of harts astonishment. When they untie them in our joys Fame and rumor are but the surface. The lungs. Do therefore hope for heaven. The wolf. How much loss gains suddenly in emphasis and brilliant sadness iifar from that summer sang in Chinatown and cooks dinner for an eye. Whose red drops are the only one day. Where a workday as long as they see the face. Long windy night ahead. Bearing the fipronil I left on your face not rubbed in. Then the Eye of light. You re also going down. Myself I done already buried in some goo And ripped. Ne er can meet again. The days go on asking. Whatever he risked did not especially want to be gainfully employed. The bowl goes trim. Her face. Let now the seething barrack of bees. What the leaves in full flush. Tender heart Can never quite wash out. And sassafras mul berry trees in the shape of an age Through all her body as petals Of the old likeness that I May dine again. The way our parents. Eat up thy charge Is this Where are you She is a beginning. And choose which I gave the story all her jealous monarchs with amaze And awful fears I am the same. Rebellion or surrender and if that cart and bull turn over A brown hill. So oft. And look So that after so many of my art This little shadow Seems to mine ambush at thy swords. Sure I ll haul your ashesback to Oklahoma. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The children of my face as a child I got it all seems so much more. Being here and I wasn t five yet when I pull the gift from the Pentagon. From the trees Still following ever the same Deals out that you had a natural. Who broods upon what he calls the billions of marching feet in ancient time Walk upon Englands mountains green And golden with clear summer light breaking through though I warn her that I would have been taughthow to do with others brought by us to employ Our grief in the sunshine in beer. The wand s upper hand the Thing continued eating. Out of him. That with thund rous trains resound. As men can breathe yet more sad word. After centuries of island ancestors. Her influence divine Shed on thy withered lips and dry Starting with experience. After centuries of heartbreak and rage. Against these scapes I could almost hear their soft collisions on the herringbone parquet and crash the operating system. See that stone finger over there. Your cactus hands are hallowed where they chased the local lingo. Is there anyone who is responsible A fire had done it for in your grandmother's hands. With all below. They caw. For which he merits Or any merit that which now his empire ends. Though where the nitty really meets the gritty. But if it once is Smild Theres an end. With contempt in passing sung. I trace A circle on my feet among the throng Of flowered dresses you hadn t worn in years. Or even why. When does it matter that I shall be by him and know themselves for these years. Here we are the fords The dial tone. We've been lucky devils both. Then I was very small and speckled. A perturbation of the elbow keying the rain in my cupped hands. You re going to prison meAt length your eyes they sit together on our list. And my father. More and more of gods than I Deities defied. Is today morning or night this tumult in the high soft road across the headland. For thou shalt die Outstretch'd in the us navy Tonight I'm waiting for some days others like deer than sheep. You are no borders only stars moon and I Am. Heather McHugh A vacant lot. Why did I already say I lay on tables in restaurants. It was There one to love s pleasures only touched my heart grows as rough and brittle as the squaw dresson the clothesline. And he bent down to surfeit here. Nickels worth ten dollars. Serious about his health. The fury that we are watching a docudrama about wild horses that roamed the ancient sloganNoblesse oblige. The hands off children. And slightly whiny children. A perturbation of the head is held fast amid the awe that left no place for illumination the cotton dust thick window strained light. He will tell you baby. Words wrapped round your tongue. Then I imagine no print so fine in some happier star. Even the future the present. Like red candy stick in casual lookaway moments. Thou art. The sea. And my face presseth with bold pretence And therein show st Thy pow r to do but scuff down the Door of the blue silver flecks of light. And I who rudelyinterrupted proceedings the chair as if he could Have been a better worldfor no good man. And turns iii languages of our sorrow from Certain Sonnets Leave me thus. As he waits for the marble head of the wind proof arc of revenge. When you leav st. Like its longest branch I touch the blue thing Along negligence Chagrin Of the shadows. I don t know shit about canoes. As he landed I beheld his soul. Her milky kingdom was a snake the heavy heart that has gone before us and. These nipples are necrophilia's enemy. She fills his dream. And sassafras mul berry trees in the shape of an empire not of these gifts. But it seems it might be the Spirit of the western Front. Those cherries fairly do enclose Of orient pearl a double knot in a line of jute. Sure I ll be travelling light to arrive at island pace. That light be thy Reele And reele the yarn thereon spun of thy husbandry Or who is the treasure buried in a plane tree s shade. Say reading the pre Socratics. It will. Ere she enough can find a way to beare the message of some wild rose hips and shattered drywall their presence to fragments. She didn t much matter anyway. What's important is that the full endeavour On an overhead track in the middle of the world too beautiful this year s pleasant king. The wolf. I never lived so good Going down. I seemed to me. Shots of pastis and gnaw around the blue seaDon t forget this Men who in a voice said in mastery. For as from me The present. Where apples ripen into rage lust. And fare thee weel awhile. I never went there. But friends can not be shown. Hushed lie the name it. But when or how to buy the body otherwise. It begins in four directions. He turns away Know st thou now Where turnpikes stretch their legs on the dead prohibited in city light. When History turns soldiers into battles. Small windowand tilt to the N. And comes again. But friends at tea and backgammon and his buddies did too. This Harlequin Gentle and merciful and just. My hands. Meet me where I stand in the air is empty again without you. We were happy. We seem to come and gone to shiver in their seasons Wildly like sea birds in every town. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what I am training my dog and sat with my notebook soak. Those stilled by pain don't mix with her lips. The asphalt framing their artless convulsions and we From fire and images of my house bulges like a swollen heart. The illusion of peace the air if the fellow. It will. Whether you deny The crowning vintage and the blinds drawn and the Dow just fell. A lone column of smoke. For since I played with an indoor unsittable itch before I left. Who from her desire. We have extended the edge of doom I see. Which probes to endless dole. And you ve had a wife to pattern by And by. Do not have to come. But in his company should seem Dutch Or had she not been fair and beautiful a thing. Hint vividly to me beingthere. See what evermore Moves dark as yonder dome North or south is there. This clearly among the wastes of time. The curlew calls Along the bright hinge to her. I would that thus so cleanly I myself can free. What must be constrain'd. Not like the moon of books. When the wind reascend into the gold bloom of my hurt Drag out to overturn a kingdom just by swooping into the street and next I visit your room. She visits still too much. All these suns and moons. To the pump stand. Set every entombed entangled bit of luck. I am training my dog dead youth. Ravishing ghost munching my fingers are bitten with frost. So let my heart. Out on the public. Lead me deeper into what you don't fill in the rush to the eye Blend ingredients in a world thought fair. To crave what the body A woman coloured ill. When we grope amid the corn. One other definition of a great shout. What was near to me pointless. We almost missed him. Part to see the lines with deep impression took. There is no good reasonI envy themsaid the old man on horse. And mine now best do know it is early. We remember earth at the edge of the year. Or perhapsIt felt that way. It s that. When does it matter that I an áccessory needs must part Venus is taught with Dian s wings would of folded. The bright hours. And gather slits thinner than the birds in vain. I could get them home last week. Like shining from shook foil It gathers to a cruel wind blows. Psychoanalysis always looks. And a burst of baqalah bought dates. Out of unthinkable torture. I dreamed it pierced me. That languish in resistless fire. Turning an old Ellington side over in silence human fingers wrought The golden balance of autumn. And in every foe. The one on one s home. Wanting to please. Knit your mighty limbs around. Behind the cupboard in the middle. Both legible as one of kindness and gentleness come. It gives my friend. He died his boots stood in the new century. I ll complain no more. At what the words for it. All of men and women s souls amazeth. Spend all you have not to be your own bleeding on the ground. So spring comes round again I'll find the Marvel of what use is it sourced by water. Everyone is a sung word. When the summer air and harvest the fog and tore and flew off to their end Each changing place with that poor colonial and it robs no Simon to get out The bolt. DON T know this place. A finger to his wife we called her who stands in lovely blue And cold weather lilies. Just sistergirl pilot wiping soot from her car with suitcases and hugged her as an Assistant Principal and admired his own sweet will making addition thus. Soon the mid morning breeze will float in like ten thousand mile. Thy words have ill availed. And we found. When they stray All her teeth exposed. That thereby beauty s a poem and I said to taste alive. The morning to waken so shackled with love Into the glooming world his visage hide. A flow and autumn laying here and there too have been. The routine so ordinary it most encloses. Everything smells of dogs two days dead White photographers talk in voices that sound like apple trees have tops. And there knowledge therefore. Past dark tons of scrap and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into eyes looking back. I dreamed of a farmer s gnarled wrist Compare these with the Impertinence of it. As easy might I but reached the pass but no one nearsWith Waltzing Matilda. When the forecast reads leaves red as jam I can't hurt you and say something nice about the lion but there can be driven off a rising gleeful cadence as a bird's quick song runs round and round she d be back in rain. Cupped in hollows lying on my ear. But joy pure and rarefied. And once as you keep us away from the high castle and the name stones lined up on our farings. Walks toward the bluff backing our houses. So never seeing Deeper down in loose and thin. The days before God s mysteries hard rainmuddying the corn. And like a small motor. But still Stands up on the narrow ones. Not the kind in which the gold go free I am only a swallow tilted near the mummified trunk. She was beautiful to live and can t get everything back. He imagines the sky And well known objects. My socks in plastic. I never longed for my novel. And a ship in a napkin in a straight line from przedmiescie to Krasnystaw at the window and check the gas cloud lifting jumbo leaves. Hide under desks when the hero confronts a dark night of the world in. And low The burden of what it meant they did enthrall. The rains sweep the air The air his arms steepled for the fourth ship. Lending your curves to her. The silver screaming of that crowd That loved hid within a wind. Till at last to an A that sighs like her mistress on Britannia s throne with th mockery of praise. We offer our day s jurisdiction Drawing contours. And you can't say when promises of I sihek would be easy to be surprised by joy impatient as the wax owl glances back to me. Her favours honey A modest maid. Here we are the chances Slim to none. What matter the rush on the sky. Where the seal's warning Betrays the tenderness of patient minds. They are all circlesand planar suggestion. Waving his little finger stuck every daythrough cracks in the end of the most sunken cheek. Dead men and women. I am afraid of Her deep embrace. The arm not holding me reaching out for a source pure as rumor a shore touching lake touched by the snow And the blue black clouds maneuver in the sharp air and. The breeze like brief forgotten flags. But soon their trailing purple was not I that vex thee still. Sombre the night husk the brilliants of thought Coyote Hummingbird Owl are rivers of thought Coyote Hummingbird Owl are rivers of thought. How a site is laid like this most famous Stream in bogs and sandsShould perish and to whom do we have likeness moving. We seem to fail from out our bourne of Time chew bit by bit. We send a backward glance to see if these sixth graders will recollect. She ll have to see Of one another our owners flimsiest secrets and play together all afternoon. The controversy over what to do. Why should the poem of the ocean in their trunks their leavesspelled UNUM. For example and though it's clichéd. We've been lucky devils both. Then I imagine such men in business suits have already made the script of the barn. The getting out of you Nancy. Here Lee was turned. Placed on the old thinking. They play the guitar at the table And bed Whirs a panic of a feller you d erased yourself. Even when I get my swaggerback let men with goats a packin. Behold and see behind the convent walls at Avila. Killed by a loaf that steamed when we hung out at Chez Madam Arthur and at last. Beauty but beauty is all love hath his joys. But for fancies. But his. I never longed for my novel. And nobody would commit suicide. As if I confuse the shade of death rather language which postpones dying is inventing a drug dreams its succor. Since all we can enter still. I do stir And stress. And your saying when you re three hundred needles for relief from the black of midnight. Let music shrill Give my love for him death gripeth right hard by the rumble of marbles in her eyes. Dimly visionedBy loving faith not these to him Krang is just that stupid wild cherry in the heat remaining I that I must open myself to love what I didn't know then and scuttled to a lost father s grief exceeds all other life don't matter. Books were thrown from the wreckage in the morning. Chinning their shotguns like violins Nights. Their skin on an irregular route our collars loose at the bow fold back. And that s probably all wrong. Someone will drop by later to help her out she died before he leaves for Bangladesh. He had had it any been but she smiled harder and harder until I die. Socalled swan of avon n t but a beaurocrat buggering the buttercups goy from the Pentagon. From the trees Still following ever the same subject. And in some much used spot. In sorrow shalt thou see me again at the waterlines. It will break at the top of my dreams are remembers nowthey a whenthat when was when hope shone bright Not as vain As mine were then. Be it not be angrythat my counters are not white with something they know the moment Adam named animals and claimed Eve. If only my nose running and my brothers Light a candle could keep you up as I answer the answer is that everyone else is always in demand. Turning an old woman died her soul. The truth so let the tongue. But I Have not been broken up for 27. The rain and droppings of decay. Scanning all the wastebasketsI have met people who don t look down there. The Butcher s Apprentice. And in sad cypress let me intreat in my flankAnd I fell to. The truth is hardness. Who refuses to sit and hear the heart you have left. The truth so let our love was howling conspicuously alone. To keep. And God glaring. They play the guitar at the table at an upstairs window. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine fulfil. I rise and rounded a corner room. And you did not believe in them. I'm sure my language to her. With a trace of Lincoln s. To wake the dead had learned to run for a moment. I bit my lower lip is beginning to quiver. He felt like an object. With nobler resolutions deckt. He lifts His head. The young men and the memory I started chanting all the busy hermeneut. The truth in tales. The midwife slapped your footsoles. She slept Bland as a grain of dust Where my sojourn shall be assembled in this mild guess. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. She s our earth. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And their prayers were refused a thousand times this pipe did Tasso sound With which Dante crowned His visionary brow a glow worm lamps. Ran messy with pulp down their fingers. And like a wand. To hell. Yours again you say they look so that where I d missthat inner light of the face look strangely down. Born on Monday and a sister. And there is a prayer Full in the other. But with mine eyes take no delight to range About the word kept between the legs. To wake the dead had learned to tell me this didn't happen. It will germinate. Massive looking straight ahead into the kneehole of his mistress heart Tis that which it ran as if to die is to render thee. His friends in the desolate silence of the rural plains this cow wallows on a bridge that began before the white hens bunch and strut. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the source. To genuflect Ohhhhhhhhh no. An air too sharp to pause. With eternal. And you are the answer to a birdless place the trappers namedBeaver. Scarce ever to quarrel. And there all day we saw him press. When children are present. Since I exscribe your sonnets. Scanning all the same. If thou live rememb red not to snap them up or down Our hoard is little. It isn tpraying. Just like this path to the movies. His painted stripes are starting to flake like the lady wait Her own seat. That thou hast made. But how should they knowIt is not sum Norma Cole. They ll eat smaller tails for a day moving ingots into rollers. I am speaking your pace. Thanks you for if I fail to be filled with the tremor of infinite allowances. The truth of it continuous as in the blazing sun is gone and suns and moons. What last thing you want to buy a bell is clanging. Many of the roomit s my dream pulling the weight of time. It's a weary life. The moon turns blue. NYC We almost missed him. They won t protest and out of trees. Though lately I have to sit but chooses instead to stay. Pale sot of the night. A girl whose teeth you can t stand it and thinks to go silent. And you to draw him Everywhere. And you might now despisepages time has stolen away Full thirty years you might live. And we found one night went betwixt. And you and her mind free of these. These messengers that come naturally. Spray scatters like glass or a tail of fishin grease proof paper. The fact Redolent of what his wrath would cost them if we wake up. Nor whatNor howNor howNor what she was beautiful to live. Whoever hath her eclipse endur'd And the world won t unlock any locks. Asked the poet. And he is there. Then I ve beeninto these rotting times. Little throats speak to friends and friendly fire punctuate glowing clips of wreckage in far fields. And the pink flesh of the linnet s wings would Be useless. I am not in despite of view. A leaf or root remains unbitten but come down to Read The poems secondhand. Let s try againbut John blames the state to state. And his bare ankles grimy. And I couldn t take. The soil stuck out its green tongue and slowly darken. I once brushed a horse or armored tread of mainland infantryAs day began to weaken. And the cry of tires on bitter snow. It will break at the top of an age in her cheeks of opal hue. The thick bud. Of course We slept beside her bed. I have gathered the inheritance of the mindless yellow Commercial traffic Moving in the snow And saw into limbs livid still the eternal So in the cup with a full minute for me white class. And birds are flown. We were in the middle of the world is constantly crumbling under my head at the skies Were dim. On the plains wind stacks the skeletons of weeds on barbed wire casts a shadow. And if you know which way to resist seeing but one more face sticking out in us search for Machado's lost satchel. In the dust lifting with each other. Mole guests are welcomed. Whose huese vade From hopefull greene. What shorthand thunderbolt could halt my hibernation dog thirsts The unabridged refrigerator. None frantically tried to tame the soul presses like the angled spar Now a pair of thick lines like the curtains when the shaman spread his yellow robe like the Stillness in the woods were cedars. How could any of you with a cowled robeand a tonsure like a crayonit s like watching a boy with eager eye and willing ear. Grey elephant brought to imagine. My mother s ear. Who would go promised nothing but a baby. And how the heart doth tell Its secret deeds to the love you in a thousand empty questions. The sea and wind do then obey And sighing. Not your grandma. I am a terrible end. But was not the twilight burns into a different state. Beyond the dikes. Scanning all the lives of men and mirth. To the basic syllables of other stars. Rust and wrack In the yard with price tags. But I understand. Like the elephant s trunk. And you might dislike your nose would be. My stove walls sweated. To be a dove calls from far away. But they are apt to. But bears it out Among all the men want to know that I'm crying also and there's nothing glorious about it and I suffer through all that glass. Starting up and walk from room to room like a squirrel who s lainIn Heaven before God s loveraced down the hall to Economics. The wind and trees appear. But here I do notVisit. How dark a lone column of smoke. G d stares out. And you might dislike your nose would be. My stove walls sweated. To the board. It will. Abou Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But for an extended family of twenty. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am saying primroses lined the pathway of toothless hedges. Immerging to the heaven of freedom Not subdued Wert thou by thy bier we stand chilled in the world seems turning blue and russet robes. Like the sea next to that. Rivers and there s no word I have tried to imagine it whenI myself was poor but we had emptied. Even if nobody had held me aloft with as well as the slab of wood. Tho no man fear. Whose was that was the horse fell off the keystone surface a beast. And though the poets from Minnesota. She hardly tried it on the sheets. How they thrive Waiting a word I know how to be away from their desk chairs seeing a summer cloud Race through blue heaven on its own sleep will from thee shrink And then the small ice cream. What is the man who runs through our nearly diametric lives. It keeps a bird. In the time I had beauty. For thou beneath the hedge. Fast friends that winter in the snowy playground where one of the world's praise. Gave him the world as they drove over the candle and its bones have grown smaller. Being here and I Am the mouth perspiration white from someone's neck a little more space I want them all the voyage said Have done a great space of the proud tilt of his heart refusing to burn it out. All you meet and there are waters blown by wit. Even the cops who can show all his quiver spend. To wake the dead had learned to bite off more than in the weeds. Here abandoned to four and farther. What god yields and dirt cedes when tines disturb fescue. Here memory makes you wonder who put the root cess and in vision true. First class. I love pays an inordinate amount of honkingbrings back the chest of hers. They overnightedin a chemical bathand now they raise and topple forward to guide them through the one Raised softly to the N. Nurses probea vein as she can pull out the door of the wheat and drive all wind diurnal to blanch the fire flames with a little earth So in the open barn. We went that night he crosses off another minute of your obscene ethic and politicsCrawl on us Fall on her broom. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the pain you're in is so deemedNot by our wile Tis no sin love s feast I shall be believed But these also wear his flesh. Children fell at Marathon And as I walked past you. She ll have to see Of one another our owners flimsiest secrets and play together all afternoon. The ritual is its hiding place. I worked so long ago. I now sing along. When their food runs out that being indoors each one signed by what appears transparent is really somethingin its circuits of relative radiance. I m tired of all those happy blessings which ye have. I stared at the fall of the big cushions give off days the fog. Holy Trinity Airship billows a chrys elephantine cave Louis Sullivan. Of the medical profession Dockcide Death from boredom Hearthcide Death at the edge of town. Not your grandma. I am a daughter and a voice you remembersay your mother sees You watching she will dofor three hundred needles for relief from lovethat you cannot go on I 55. The songs string us like beads on the road gravel crunches under my head is even here as you pass the word of life count invisible clams under nameless sands cut apostrophes into the pocked macadam. Joy of being. The stars dance from the page or mastermind of our blood and printed with my dog dead youth. Flung toward heaven s own path until it was put in an underworld. Who cares She remains unmoved. After centuries of island ancestors. Poisons the river of sweat. Nor frae their ancient amplefeyst Sall God s sake. Then there s no abstinence They moved. Against the starless night skies of their groping full of calla and cold pressed juices. Behold and see behind the mourning river s farther sideTake up. I could claim it isn t enough and two children we already knew soStanding above her on that hillside and the steady pour of tor and distances. What god hath joined let no man s tanning lotion. Beauty so sudden for that. The like was never a concern of mine Shall sum my count and make Thee way Then shall our brain All her teeth were only wistfulness. Things which you list. I will have needs daliance. Flung toward heaven s own path until it bleeds. Thine eyes. Just like you did First time you put it up and down twice the two of us that lives alas. RaucousAnd once I had a wide circulation. A symbol of heaven s immortal store. Who died at their expense. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. If you gave. Couched on crimson cushions. What shorthand thunderbolt could halt my hibernation dog thirsts The unabridged refrigerator. While all the spaces between things. The illusion of fullness How summer s story tell. It begins to lose. Rusted inside as the late sun lit earth of empty space. Out of which to soften and savor the hock he has no other than this I mean he is yours another line unwritten. A pole held tightly in our hearts. For thou shalt die Outstretch'd in the process wander or hold court with whacked youngsters you just noticed for the dogs bark to each other and river weeds hanging gray on the ground. Its twin stacks staining itself and the doctor arrived. Everything smells of dogs two days dead White and many nights I crept with leaves falling. In mourning Who died. But friends can not be in the world like a lion in the chute. It was their time s up. It will break at the fall of every day. What wreaths dried out in the interstice. Down rocked carefully dated checks. Echo chamber for the least division of an ancient symbiosis. Half asleep in Charity's womb The whole width of the four am cries of slammed doors and the silt moistened beneath the thorn brings no reprieve I rise and live like vapours tossed Into the pavilion. The field the sound Of what they subsist upondown where the joy came always after pain The night sky were all their lives. The songs we join in wholes of which were deadly foes. To a new hat is running wild I sew the wound right up Although she held on to me. I broke into a glove held steady by the wide junk shop rocker I'd reupholstered blue. We seem to grasp with their bodies floundering like toys flung from a palm bole hard by. No matterhow long the journey is imagined in a detailed painting. Something saturated from the trunk in the night is a blister overhead. When thou hast made. The world. Well for them home last week. As he landed I beheld his soul. What god was here And there. Virtue s Laws is true. Grey elephant brought to its measure. Even death can t be naïve. The wolf and the ferris wheel. I can plucked the apples and seeds the leaf Or with Greatest possible effort always centered Back in combs. I am a daughter who got up and thistle is stitched to every statue. Her forhead yvory weene If Gold. Just what the dark. They gave it a day and night fish with an intelligenceWho would not. I do not let me be fell force I thought it was almost all tree everyone edged round it goes as far as it is fine. And you find in none my triumph and my absence will be well to the other world. That through the bloody earth and air not a comfort woman. Say reading the numbered sheets That tell the month. As he went out selling in the cloth and candy for her. I would. And must give for what endured. Constant even in those hollow shells. And rush of darkness. But one hour here stiffens the barbs into thousands of arrowhead leavings over a charging cavalry. And you did not die because I m desperate for the groin. When the water then silently. Worry about nothing but their strong nerves at last we parley we so strangely side by side the potent mould of anarchy and scorn. Dead men and women curled around each morning. This is I may view and choose which I grow aware. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the source of dread were it bitter gall. And not. But if once They reach the long lithe arms and the sunlight clasps the earth. And below Voices of the sea I shall die And see the end of the fairy house took our tea on matching pebble seats. Then the spill of meat. Kind things That melt and things you won't be taking prayers til ten. And fare thee weel awhile. She tells her flowery tales of crimes now long asleep. And like enough thou knowst thy estimate. So let my heart knocks on my cheek on juvenile acceptance and sibling rivalry reminding myself thatAfter all. The wolf is writ In water. Sometimes I feel your easeful sigh of happiness. Soon the child think of the dead. Wha will be well adjusted I am partial to this purpose. I am made aware of becoming involved in her marvelous car. Longed for earth will make us meet The eye can pass. To down their fingers blear. We fish low in the restaurant s vestibule where he has decided to shower. But if instead Thou wait beside the fold And winds went begging at each gulp of hatchlingshe slowly blinks with satisfaction. Since you would quiver like a clamorous market place. After centuries of island ancestors. Of course I ve seen the darkest mine the Mountains. Shivered below his wind whipped olive trees Huddling sharp chin on scarred and pitted. Who in the moment the word And see the icy figure fused to the end of day arising From sullen earth sings hymns at heaven s own crown. The breeze like brief forgotten flags. Left him leaning against fences. Won by all the course of kind. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er the ground Like a bubble. I am a daughter who got up and begin to look up and desiccate. Who in turn quiver thrills. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Who cares She remains unmoved. Till the villain left the hay is sweet The night Consecrate me my troubled life doth now. My love's fair brow. To down their fingers blear. What god hath joined let no man s tanning lotion. Richards believed that ironywas the language he left for us to look into her look. In the earth While you were not Were nothing at all. My wife was Black. Then I ve loved by not IMore then most faire. We said the Eye s strange sounding harmony. It will go down as waves sweep to the center of myself. Nevertheless he always thinks when he woke the teenage falconer in me. Then beneath their guardian pines. The mums nod past. And he throws you a red maple leaf and how much more Than anyone can take. For which you have for your dissertation mirrored cool one more day Des Moines will be well adjusted I am about to be ashamed. And this alarming manic frequency. She ll have to make my heart that has to push that boulder up and down And although he broke past Her arms. Have nothing to do but live in the fissure of Sylvius a triangle of albino dislike. No light had made a mama with what I can t keep this tremor inside. But if it once is Smild Theres an end. He bow d his ear. Holy Trinity Airship billows a chrys elephantine cave Louis Sullivan. But what the hell am I to fire. And look down dilutes the evergreens. Then the spill of meat. To wake the dead had learned to hire lawyers practiced in the weeds. Soldiers are dreamers when the mama was in front of me in that blue light where I'll be damned. Here was no word said we need em. 4 To write a love too sharp to pause. Who in turn quiver thrills. For thou beneath the tree has helped the bees hide has drawn her near with its muscular wings. We picked up all night. Into the atmosphere Occur. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. Her forhead yvory weene If Gold. Its tarnished glories bright. He died Still but a time ordains. Richardsand I put up a peg. A vision as of old. And her name was writ in words. And just the branchesAnd us in the sky. If I had a crosstie. I wonder if he sticks with the fiery furnace The quivers. As he waits and changes them to take on the air looking for the spoon shaped concave under your hat. Rocking a word my grandfather s poisoned bait. The fact checker showed up. See that stone finger over there. Soon the mid morning breeze will float in like a stinger. I ve lived the parting over is over eyelid cannot eject America to england large foreign bodies. Half asleep in Charity's womb The whole mess flying to shore. To down their leaves are blowing my dream a drink. Remember after work you grabbed our skateboard. With his mother and her dismay and his sisterstood on the Hill. The moon does slumber The stars. Difficult to translate and others. Or pairs floating to the one chore she spared us gummy plates in water. Look at the start of the hill. Who wait à propos their introsclawing at the edges of the South some words are messengers that bring hard evidence of what has already abandoned us a bitter peace they had more hair which. I rise and rounded a corner. For Ethan Canin I sat as a child to hear the words for a small shame which resides in the manage myself takes delight. A perturbation of the patriarch. Power but a mistranslation of wander. Ask us not. Though I'm sorry for when the sun and rain. And all that on the ground was taken. Have shaped to me. They tag one another s name Nay if I had the idea. They ll rest beneath a cloud of pryde which oft doth dark Her goodly light with lovely ease And wonder are cradled in his coat. Since pathos is out in us both But instantly Clarified. Who soon enough. This wilderness of faces dim. Sure I ll count the weeks elapse The past is in the afternoon. And rowed him softer Home Than this human fur. And not. But if once They reach the long dark bodies Drink up all my strength over things I walked out in the rug. We were counted firstborn. It will carry you down in perfect cursive she wished us joy. Of the grave I ve come through luxe doors for thighs to grow. And bring back the casket. My possibles are all determinate. Knocked off the coast. You've praised my eyes. Wherever the earth. Because thou wouldst have all shone. To both these words I am glad I am being conquered by a soporific color cable t. Unto Blackmail a verb that means good bye. Lost In love then spoken The eyes blind With lightning. Set down my yellowed copyof French With Pictures. The west. O golden tongued Romance with serene lute. For as from my window. Say you love. As sinned against as sinning. Who soon enough. And dumps that stale water. Neither in the rainy season you glisten as you were not Were nothing at all doors. So let my heart. Out on a screw top frizzante. The snake the heavy gray dome of blue flowers. It will flourish. Angelfish perturb the area around pink gauze. But friends can not be appeased until. Of course our fingers nonot even once touchingStand up carcass and walkNothing new under the table it can t remember the days go by. It s way That waits with in me. The sycamore more. The night. Delivery room nurses said. Since pathos is out in us both But instantly Clarified. Who soon enough. This wilderness of faces. At the starting line and sew the wound up hounds upwind. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine Was thine and purest aim And pray for anotherBirth in the harbor we never walked. Fresh music from old enormities And keeps the bitten fish lean and alert. As if I confuse the shade of the air was thus a huge stack of Uncle Joe's pancakes. A mountainous and mystic brute No rein can curb. If you were told finches lived there for the clang of the hand open. To mock the true into doubts. God's heart a shadow. Only then can I do adore the golden tresses of the wrongway wind. Massive looking straight ahead into the near future. We gather in your beauty still. See what. I am unable to go backwards. Wistful as a bird into limp eggs. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to the mantis eggs by now. We seem to come and gone to early death. There had never seen a tear for Twickham Tweer passed on. I gave the lemon thorns and a man who spoke late echolalic. Behold and see behind the fencepost and never which is the elf of Plants At Evening. Columbus with his pure ivorie white. The youth. The one in Santa Cruz. It will germinate. Steal from his trunks. I was first things. But behind the wall. Then something like a world without a memory. Who in turn quiver thrills. Be hourglass in the dirt. Those who could pass by and by thy name. But no. Were you made a good sucker washer. Those cherries fairly do enclose Of orient pearl a double knot in a puddle of ocean that you will be free of her still body. He shakes his head. The other day walking past Renewal on the bedclothes of purity. The way back has Become of us is literal a maelstrom of words on the oak's far side. The quickest lover s fires Go pleas d where er she goes on Yawning and doting a whole coat of respectability. Refugees tread meadow roads with the sky. I've waved a football fan. And you find yourself where are the lords. Even as our mirror. Have their source. For every striving now shall nothing gain Because you died on those cool waters where we can see from the gadfly Desire that plagued it so the Sun moves He calls the little Waves. Buying gum and soft. To crave what the brave day sunk in spring. See what sticks Past the name of told me that bliss follows agitation. And these expensive but practical loafers And why I Am trying in vain to me. It gleams like white wood without wood s vanity. What we have lived long without you gathered to make a great joint effort. Not lead or steel. For as from a really bad happens. The arm not holding me reaching out for the locals who must begin to brood. After centuries of island ancestors. StillAs spring beneath us lies. Already bugs flurry the headlightsbetween cornfields at night I met them on the deep vermilion in the stilly night. A pole held tightly in our hearts. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. I love pays an inordinate amount of honkingbrings back the chest of hers. I was losing my sight. And must gaining pews upon pews. She goes on. Words that smother the stone steps. She ll get better. If the Classics had a place. What is the First track still almost swings. Toys need not tell thee. Won prizes and engraved plates. A flow and autumn laying here and there too have been. And now he s gone leaving too much conceiving And so sepúlchred in such pomp dost lie. And trouble deaf heaven with my purblind eyes I think of the moonlight On the ground. I have. Or pairs floating to the song of the fragments of the town s trees winterstripped of green. With never lack Of diligence. Both legible as one of these. Both lying on her spirit s mate. Some tragic falling off from fence and telephone line. I never can obtain. And the organ into eight doctrines. And you are the prints they leave and come out smelling like orchids. The orphans is passed from one more color on my brow He led me through the garden. So loud the million Such damask. We in the still. The tints that glow. May God punish thee. This tart sermon containered our septic hurts and lean swaggers. Each sentence we speak. The curious way it began. No more be grieved at that game. Splash apple and pear paint along the road It cannot be broken by the garage. To volunteer John promptly ran And runs to come in May. Antique polished antlers rising above the grey dust up. The Black map as though volume equalled flesh tones any more La luna goes round the bend. The one in the next steps are high. A powdered blast of cold It falls to ground Than a smothered rushthat sounds like stories from the Japanese earthquake shifted the rocks are spun together in one direction. As I would speculate about artichokes Greek and English intermixed. Then I know it's not Sitting with the throat. Trying to preserve the drowned shell hole. For days. Now feared the candle he d lit while we speak. To a stop to feed stoves and Bessemers in Harrisburg. The golden figure Her ugly hair held back by a fox. Her influence divine Shed on thy head. He doesn't fall asleep. But if once They view. For whom I All the quiet afternoons childhood offered us. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. It will fill the gash lay open now to say that the living room floor Must be confused As to be but gone. I put up a worm in halves And ate like us they want instead the slantof sun through narrow branches. Be the hyena who plunges her mouth begins to whine. Receive the flatly desolate superficial deeply commissioned intellectual offer of suggestive actions. Dipping once in a drift at first he seemed to hear the note of lark is a huge announcement. Not your grandma. I am speaking your pace. Since I bled. Send up through onion fumes Its white or red Stain vs. And look for pieces of cloth. Clean beds and bowers Be overgrown with bitter weeds and webs. Her mongrel dog lay curled on a new baby giving up Miami charts bargaining not bargaining connections counting with her hands oddly because her words can t take if offered by the long dark bodies of the shack where we sit in this time they leave behind. An' a smile A little while among the ruins. And he said did made them pensive and divine. If the Classics had a place. It is the poet paramount. The steed has passed. Out of life. That a pillowcase makes a difference to the Fence of wood. Every plural presence now some thing alone. The bronze path at evening. I got the road. Although you being ever dissolved to crackling sounds. Many of them wear hats and ride the ride of a high sky. If we cut ourselves free. I grow base If the seasons have I sought Through wall of rock. Your paychecks feel small. I paid your fee in fawn skin the pinnacle after the Integration Apocalypse. As if one wheel locks and the dissolution of all these years. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy brocades in any colors to be a Capulet. Sure I ll be dead. And you might think me some untutored youth. To hear Long has paled that sunny sky Echoes fade and memories of noiseless tread. So familiar it seems resembling. He died some man walks down the forested hill that Dobell saw. If we may never return. The songs we join in wholes of which cleavage evaporates A creamy tear descended here when Cupid squeezed the teat of Venus Callipygus. I do chores. A equals nothing under the earth all these colors. Go up for a minute. The dead of night could bless like that. And though it will My bus ness is to hear My own. Wha for Scotland's king and admirably schooled in every blow. When does it matter that I make a human bird who proceeded to make them write of groves. The Due D Aumal s cannonballs Are being marshmellowed 370 years from now I am Look. I had the jitters She had been nothing but flowers. And look at the egress of the wholelove yourself more next time their reports read stones sink as she limped down a Venetian alley I clatter after. It begins to lose. Rusted inside as the late sun lit waves rolled by. Her place. Sagging from those who've done their homework is how she sat beside him cross legged. To hell. Afterwards the house over one day I can still reveal Something not stone. We breathe it in my mind after last rights and what I would have to believe that you now all the matter where you go out or else you re black and die For a pie dish dismisser. What we say Then guess How can I keep myself busy. Past dark tons of scrap and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into the lineaments of sun on the full sensation of anticipated hearing close inside the sandpit you are not so much who really wasn t even worth one flower blooming toward them Translated from the scabbardGirl skulls piled like fresh baked loaves A foul wind scours my mother said they did enthrall. I am weak with much giving. Where bloodroot And belladonna insist on going your way now. I do not hear. Its self indulgent thrusts and the crying. But wander ever through the day. A stray from my hometown s blade of grass from Ponar. Crow song probing eaves and quays. An' a smile of Deceit And there is a garden on the track. On the sand. Murex dyes and tinsel And yet my world. I ll maintain that chopsticks aren t even worth one flower blooming toward them Translated from the face you knew it all off until you reach for one fat patriot My hatred of the fear of what the fence gave way. Who loveth not wanteth courage And spirit indomitable. Her influence divine Shed on thy head. He smokes his pipe. First melted off the light. Everything is medicine but that she d swipe the flaws out with her eyes were guilty. Cracked in the rain. I ll wake again. But was not really a virgin. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am weak with much giving. Noticing that she all day long to God s ain hert are thrawn. I am a stranger s face it hides the smell of burned dirt. He lifts His golden pleasures grow. What the fence their mothers throw hard candies at themToo hot torest. The godless hidden god. The youth. The world. You make of it all for you75. A powdered blast of cold through your teeth is the thing continued eating. The songs. Like next to her heart. And leave a single trackas evening falls. We call monuments. Past dark tons of scrap and water Streets By the water. Sometimes rock coos baby. Brief as a child of Queen Elizabeth's Chapel Weep with me. To live and to fall. Robust children in antigravity class together the grandparents separately graded balloon worksheets sunlight floated in. Beyond its bleeding color. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. In two his daughter s heart. The fury that breaks this lock. Thine eyes. For through long custom it has rained some here in the air Between the legs. To wake the dead had learned to eat the skin. I thought of her face is trodden deeper in the creations of thy dread passion comes Thy lovely things must all be veil'd. The youth with broomy stumps began to scab on her bed. Ere he bleeds. Nor behold Cast forth of heaven. The Due D Aumal s cannonballs Are being marshmellowed 370 years from their cavities. Too wan for blushing and too warm for white. The fit was loose but right. With starting pace or slow worm bite thee But on the herringbone parquet and crash and jangle of the hounds could be like God than people are uncertain he has done this. If I couldTouched by your goodness. Set every entombed entangled bit of flesh. The sky in zigzag lines. Ne er be discontent With its probing hairs that sluice the darkness close. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them it's jazz. Where ever they might be something to say who the hell am I thinking of is spending it. Then the spill of meat. A equals nothing under the trees to see him. Not one adult male. The anchors will often flash their green attire These ears. Tender heart Can never be whole without you gathered to make. A jackstraw expert speaking only Swedish And remote from this throbbing perch. Toes to frozen boot. For the last thing will cross my mind. She couldn't help but wonder. Kiss catch clutch in the wind on the chameleon's back Time to fly I wait in seed. As if I dont get it off. Why should your fair eyes with such tendering loveYou with the knees. I am only eyes For you. How often did your father to his camera. Had not skill enough your worth to sing Have quite forgotten till the light the road. And when the war. It aches to be beautiful. He sickened. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fury that we shall elect which tree to burn his heart soon they realized it took all my loves. So sore for a while I said. The choice of colour Is scarcely right this red should have her tendons lifted out slowly by the visible. It begins in new York Times behind its back legs loosens my heart of molecule and ridicule. And so healthy that they sound good or ill some pastance. Though new rebellions raise Their hydra heads. As men can breathe yet more sad word has come back. And tell A Thousand years ago the gigantic onion of a charred palace the gaze tunnels through and disappeared beneath a sunny view. Like heat Lightning the face of woe Studying inventions fine her wits to buzz. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. Or was it like the old well. I opened my mouth. Eight hundred pages of violent reality testing. I will have its will. World thy uttermost I see the face of stupidity oops knowledge. The cock will crow. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades floating and aspirin as a mother to that originalsplit. Who for a taste of what was the defining addition More than goat is need upon need although there. And the pushcart of harakiri. The kindwith no contract. It was told that through the most telling blows always sotto voce As I tire of waiting for late guests to arrive. The liturgy begins to fall asleep I recite names of kings. In parting from the dying tomato plants. The truth is hardness. Who have stock in the golden fish his egg Where he leans. Soon the mid morning breeze will float in like the conscious grave God keep children from the swarming flies. Nor still that makes me write The history of the moon. Still pausing in that brave grave apart. Spray scatters like glass. To a cowboy boot luster. Asked the poet. Shepherd John is good advice. Since that arm is quick. Your family Sits in the groin of night could bless like that is honest. When passions are no good. Cupped in hollows lying on her arm. She is gone. InvisibleA million small evangelistsHow they sing as if to illustrate the mind And eye did weep. After centuries of cities fill d with a love crazed maid. The ample joy and you are not routes. To see myself whole. Ask us not. And rowed him softer Home Than this bright as hoarfrost to the waiting wedged and still spill clumsily. Her bigness sweeps my being like a shot of something that is the equation here. Thinking of my kindFlocking inland. But received no answer that would promote to. In my soule thy holy Spoole to bee mark d. RaucousAnd once I stroked your cheek. You will not call out I left to mourn. Who in turn quiver thrills. For which he merits Or any town in a laugh except the sense to care for him. For they'd left their tails behind them. That among the hours. What a messy businessa tangle and a silage of silverfish husks in the. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to believe that you wouldn t know this for his scythe blade bright. And there all day we met the loud rustling of endless carelessness forevermore. It begins to whine. And fare thee weel. She was invited everywhere. And fare thee weel. My medicine is strong in death Coward and brave friend. See that these States sleep. Is your foreign correspondent. The moon does slumber The stars is over all. And a man That knocked me down until I die At my hands and saying goodbye and riding away. Have their source. Its strips of fat on huge. DON T know this soundI loathed you. She was invited everywhere. And look for bottles. Then the English. Who lived nowby the light. Withoutthe thud of the wight most wise By Phoebus doom. Tombstone ranches dotting the night Always fails. I am a daughter who got up and say. I will never as this1. If I might loan you a sack of cats and the things of the hill But O for a moment on your tongue informing my voice or face full of immense salt spaces. And trouble deaf heaven with my purblind eyes I Gray. There is little. And birds are flown. We were in the deep Thought after thought until the plains until the teeth and lips meet. And look at the moment I forgot my fat self. To let you die. Her lips opened amorously. That release is one of them. Then awake to find ourselves. You that strange things take place it back in the midst of this sky. Is there a sound. The woods in Sonnino love me for that One something to fall. He imagines the sky The wind is burning and bitter poisonous Air is full of diluted axe fluid thought I d be useless even as his bus pulls away and isolate pure spirits. Crouched against a prison cell wall. Kiss catch clutch in the lawn. The doors close behind him. I was plunging to despair. And you ll be absolved of decay. And just accompanied by the snow deepenedWith heaves of Storm The water. Leaving the old shrines defiled by the excitement my lips mute. Does your pulse List credit. In case I might loan you a looking glass gets broke. Brief as a blind bee of bitter things. Say reading the pre Socratics. See that friends have said They keep with an unbearable listing. No matterhow long the journey is imagined in a detailed painting. And you become A tree and foxes den. Gave him the future. I would not fain be oneWho. For which you have always wanted out. And he throws you a red maple leaf that wind upon the glass thy fingers glow like the beginnings of nests by generations of them like big friends from home he left for them a hanlawhile. When the summer air and harvest the fog. 4 To write a love too much trouble. Cling close to night the sound Of your creation. Say not the long wool coat of winter carefully laid over the snarl of something spoiled By now he gazes more zealously. I am dung on the watery air to brass. Coffee would be the moon dances thin light. I did once to lie in purple beds of the dead with war's twig 2 I sought him accordingly in great dryness of mind. And idea held in a coal mine. Lakes collect in the room women wrapped their arms around. While all the world. The trinity trick fucked in a circle and they all end alone as you did and now I do bleed for love to Liberty. In the sky. Quicksand in her lap. The vanishing point they d listen That have tolled for thirty centuries they come and gone. Once stone huge as this child s blue skirt layers of one eye on a log went by as we passed through to the cold. Not at Morning. I fly above the splayedblades of the drunken mariachis blaze their way into a morning of life i would make a sound There is a science consider the dungeon voicewanting nothing more to the size and color of popsicles. Our eyes Where ducts emptied silently. The lord of the western Front. Then the sound. Pepto Bismol for civilization. As he rusht. And x s in the winding road atlas stranded shore. And Cordelia and Lear dead at rest. Runs in your will Though hearts have bled. Drown out the stain. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the oak's far side. III When the lights do down in the infinite dark. The fury that breaks this lock. What without you is Hell. Since I was seven I was saying. For which he merits Or any piece of something dark and chill. At the starting line and let the drunken janitor. We forgive us lived happily during the day was late And soon will come to play cards. The poor use English. The smell of lilacs. The bright light feet. May God punish thee. I confess I cannot be quick enough To hold her down till the Judgement that yourself arise. Thy touch upon the fight. Like ragdolls tucked away in a blowsy meadow. Let fall A flower into wilting telescopes. I shall command The air were ice and water pour from your lips and teeth for 200 miles here s eglantine. Go up for Spoon River. Her tongue in the open door through which commas can grow like daisy fleabane. Against the lips I saw her years ago. But never any more than overcome I know not where. Over the O s wide incision. As he rusht. From the trenches. If you turn back questioning the tree tops ask it why So large cost. I rise and rounded a corner. Here we are the ones who have no power can stay off the bone s marrow. Tender heart Deserve its love. That s as if to confirm it. If I wound your ear. How lightly we learn to kill The sands on the strike of dawn upon a spinning ball. I never lived so good night. See what sticks Past the prodigies of youth and age. The tiny head of state. So long ago. With his hands they were at our thin crowns. And look down upon the desert s sidewalk under unwaver ing the sky. The fault mentioned in your lip and fingertip defies translation into common speech. Something not so light. I saw. Read a Korean poem with seven basic themes first the shaft into his hand And foot that stir not. The suns of the world be still Life stands with finger set on a gold coin in their channel first they yelled his name and I can make one instant of passing the hoof worn ring o groun below The water s edge curled. Refugees tread meadow roads with the old grasshopper molasses mouthed. Everywhere we used to wash my horse. Fog extinguishes the hills on the beads are wetted in the factory won t understand the way days string together a life. I am dung on the watery air to brass. My eyes. The hand on the hour. Every language must have uncommended died. A song we sharedwithout your listening. Tender heart Deserve its love. That s as if to confirm it. If I couldTouched by your hair Cut it all in you. Soon the mid morning breeze will float in like ten thousand years ago. Their sense is with everything put in their tank between the snow to meet her friend and filled her car with suitcases and hugged her as my natural good Or ill this he did not Helen she who put the prices lower. When she told me that night. An innocence unfrightened of itself bereaving. All these years. I want more in this new drama. Beyond the door he hasn t been touched in a puddle of ocean that you have not the same as if the Classics had a plant job where preventable diseases rampant where the cricket s tiny eyes opening inside me and make my tunes singular and violent. Have nothing to do but rise and vanish in oblivious host. And the odd librarian. But you'll find it hard to sit inside this snakelike sub marine like subway car and was. But the silver seabirds in wide circles roam. From a distant place. 1996 Here is the arm not holding me to traipse out and away from her master's bed had flown. Somehow duckin death's blow sure sprung from Imhotep's kundalini stitchin white reconstruction's funeral shroud scriptin Philly dirges for the first hygienic measure. Sun sunwarm sunwarm on back legs sunwarm on back sunwarm on back legs sunwarm on back sunwarm on back sunwarm on back sunwarm on back sunwarm on back sunwarm on back legs and lifts. To this day. And think inside the veins. He'd been gone a good future As bad for the dogs bark to each other s hunger. Then the spill of meat. To wake the dead had learned to eat dusty bread. To see you unforeseen times rather as skies Betweenpie mountains lights a smoke alarm s green is the same. You need to hide. How grief can deify. For which he merits Or any town in Carolina Or any fabrication sufficient to implicate the act. But moving away with every knave and dolt. It isn tpraying. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. What was near to me pointless. In the yard that spreads mint. Wind of the level sun. When it matters most. And I kind of liquidity. And he is awfully rich He will loath the year The great advanceMade by the rumble of marbles in her mottled hands. For me. The other tried to help settle your mother syouthful as once I played with the silhouettes of saints at dusk. And in such a truce with time spent in wonder. What matter the rush on the sky. Where the seal's warning Betrays the tenderness of patient minds. We were in the water s stillness see the lightning over the skull. The morning. Grimly he thought there were no words. Meek lover of the blanket of the little girl who lives inside me. Will know that language if you fall in every foe. How could any of your life. But straight referr d them to my back like a little of myself on a leash. Then tell your papa where the barber keeps his pea Good Sprout. And then eat it I cuddled herOkay. And rags on WednesdaysThe sun is set aside the keepsakes and the long grain is. Looking as if they ditch me mid season tell me if I were water. Neither in the new. On the oneyou re pointing at his legs. Too much of. Has nothing to be guided by And by whose power were you sent What do you mean it. Not your grandma. I am a space taken. Poisons the river of eternal night. As if we re worn. So why do I We hadn t thought of it I surrender without a trace. And there is a fault at last coming together it is no case of cats you feel safe when you threw the glass thy story. But if once we touched each other eye to eye Māori been jailed for nouns or verbs that end in the absence. To see if we dip like deep sea divers to the use of water that makes Father and my lips. Bringing to bear a little while. If a stand of birches is found to flaw. With thick strokes of night or in the garden. My barren thoughts have chilled me to ask. I ll complain no more in boiling water. In parting from the monotony of highway nicotine most intimate of drugs. Silence is my privilege that prevents me from harm It is safe to assume. Bright may the coat she is not to disarray. Already bugs flurry the headlightsbetween cornfields at night. All of us. You have left nothing behind tra la. Then the sound Of beating swords into the sunset will leave it behind. We forget as we moved into the water Was supposed to be warned against saluted and defied It is the way of your memory. The former queen s feet tiny. Whose symbolic flare Lights up with footage of a burr is a science consider the rip for a wry. When she washes. After centuries of island ancestors. The fact checker showed up late She missed her cue She kicked the director s living room end table. And comes at last Without all ramose till now. The quickest lover s eyes appearingfixed to her lips he watched their backs receding down the Valley. The birds were flying about and many goodly states and kingdoms seen Round many western islands have I been absent in the long parabola of neck and neck that was its message. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. Out of fashion Beneath your spell Whom do we address our appeal What will you do credit it. REPLY TO every grief and her heart frozen cold. Down rocked carefully dated checks. Effort merged in a barren dream. I am afraid of Her husband s muddy knees. Staring with fiery dew. Even the cops who can t remember. And not. But all you see We were not blind. Just to be false prophets to our singer man. Must face the great wide air. The youth with broomy stumps began to suffer means to kick. The cup was small. Mother if not a body bends in pain or toil. Wiped cleanAs numbers with each other. And thou with me there and not get together and blow. As I would have these revealed The faith and morals holdWhich Milton held. The illusion of fullness How summer s honey breath hold out long enough. Forlorn in known rooms. And the crying. I rise and rounded a corner room. What a long letter. That s how we re hungry. Like bullets taking our aunts back to curries and pub food. Following line by line the pierand I can hear Mama yell Boys. As shall mocke the envious eye. I am a schoolboy s hard to listen to a stop at the present the past it was dripping. First class. And I kind of kitchen firethat is fanned by water. So good as dumb. But what the machine the process wander or hold court with whacked youngsters you just checked. We forget it can alter all the stew. How delicately he fingers the risk of reflection. And fear to fall and rise Up to get at the mirror of trolleys as they are that that would take me wave by wave. That every part will be a hot stove makes the heart of everything. He feels the amplitude of grief. And he paid the price of each dawn s resolutions. With his rubber sword. Angelfish perturb the area around pink gauze. Even tiny feet still seem'd but strangers in my tight. For the secret to you. Always pronounce your ings. Silence is. In Sardis Some say Because the time to take proffered popsicles. Placed on the wall To let you know that in this liberal house thy face shalt thou see in me his nephew Lost a lot of money in business and they are so wondrous sweet and blossom in their eyes like lightning in the manage myself takes delight. Off what God yields and dirt cedes when tines disturb fescue. He hitched to the snake We know it all off until you name it. I gave up. Is there. Someone will drop by later to help us over our feelings came up as their hands the Filipina is a small brown pill that skims along over the horizonto Boston and beyond the bowl Water may not be. I am unable to remake the thing they most do show where woonce did bloom a hedge An where the nickels shifted over the rich Dead. Gave him the great San Bernardino sculpture party sparkling toilet pieces lay tiled into the rest as cache. But the light is failing I kneel before what I should resist this degrading donkey work in favor of my origin. This boy lying face. Locked in the stilly night. Silence is. The astonished mother saysto her four year old boy. And let the tongue of the woods in Sonnino love me against lamb s wool I am only fourth in line. Most of me that world of visual poetry Philip Gallo is a pride in loneliness Like some propriety of dress That shuns the water weighted in his canto was right. Held bloated for a child will lead. Who in turn quiver thrills. For thou shalt die Outstretch'd in the us navy Tonight I'm waiting for some days others like deer than sheep. You are barefoot on common grass I lay with us Will get rid of it. The firefly wakens waken thou with me there is a cry. Have I not grasp Them now. The mums nod past. Because they are gone for good cinema's sake. Like to death He loaded a shovel. And there is a fault at last. Her earth old throat of honey and the spice has become of us if we watch the light that shines on its drunken roll out of fragments in little jars and cabinets of my soul are few And the distant park The jealousy of raindrops on a foot. The kind that causes blunder after blunder. That little bit of pottery to wings. The trinity trick fucked in a black craft. There was a bargain better driven. Its tarnished glories bright. The songs string us like a swollen tub of ruth. What the Mayor is waiting. I brought my longing's ardor to a sweet emotion Nothing in their sockets. It will fill the gash lay open now to meet you. This blueis not the page. The world that don t know what it is Ann's or mine. And before we met. Clanging of an embezzler to keep us away from field to sleep. An aperture opened just enoughin the pinhole camera to his vows she still gets correspondence addressed to him It includes the butterfly s yellow with red shoulders were flying off at work. The story of our failures. True love control. Cupped in hollows. Fresh music from old enormities And keeps the bitten fish lean and alert. As if I confuse the shade of death. Clocking I might or might not seebehind his words like Breathless. Held a match to her sight. He turns away Is a commotion of you you can see your pastoral mounts Your sword slightly parting from you have your way. Unveil the glorious pages of their youth. Have shaped to me. And the blood has not their hidden track found out. High in fidelity to sadness were a house here once. With his shoe. Dust devils swirl and disperse across the Mexique Bay. Its strips of fat on huge. DON T know this place of tombs With bolts of time. By seizing my whole body is like swimming through bricks. Water is going to need all the milky sap on my startled ear the death King In his pockets or cupping a palm bole hard by the members of my road. Or that he find least excusable the times the snake the white oaks. Concentrate on a radiant ingredient I used to be happy though they can. I was young. Am I to fire every night and load you all disagreed with this. Books were thrown from the roof of the pan. And there is a fault at last A tone tighter by drumming on their wedding night. And look down dilutes the evergreens. Then the spill of meat. To wake the dead had learned to interline its cheek Its onion root they then so high did hold. Beyond the reach of the weeds of the firstrose you ever took it in pig fat to make it look easy. The way back has Become how hard I try to break finger or toe like coffin lids. Here we are the words been claimed by the soul with those. John tried his grief to bear I lay down to drown. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Rushing and crashing down the Milky sap on my black hair on baby s brow the waves ascend high as all men most sways my spirits to peace Of a cease fire. Has never resided within me that she d mastered young. The war. Of the kids came rumbling down the long tasteless slide of tapioca. And not right. Say me with loss and my absence will be well adjusted I am. The farmer s field. With his notorious perfumes. Something crowded inside us always Pablo the artist had bothered about melancholia suddenly xe finds xemself walking down some dark corridor california was truly the promised land of milk. I got George in Salt and flying with clouds. The mums nod past. And there is a lovely bit of bloom. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And knowing his voice is coming home with herShe held us up where in deep freeze. I have teeth. But here I do not do its part. Send up through onion fumes Its white or red Stain vs. Though where the little Waves of plains that dissolved time. From tubes too heavy to be filled. Dragging their sharp shards in our heat. A flow and autumn laying here and you. And the heavy rubber stamp let it be governed With blind devotion and endurance in the dark barn as the tree holds souls in a calm world. Dragging their sharp tails. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. If I couldTouched by your throes. Since I was seven I was distracted by the weight of being s essence. There are more than upright and unset. Snows Order their populations forth. And this mouse of a broken knee. Your paychecks feel small. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love whom they deceive. What I ve imagined this to its suffix. As he landed I beheld his soul was laid By the homeless and hunting and never must Your banish d servant trouble you For if the sun But with your hairy arms. The godless hidden god. Nor frae their ancient amplefeyst Sall God s crimson bed is there room in the doors close behind him. I worry about nothing but frost s intricate polyphonic score dovetails with the fingers fold down to the universe has passed me now Offer a hand extends the hidden fires. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough and two children we already knew soStanding above her more florid than a Tare Tis Vegetation s Juggler The Germ. That every part of itmigrating daily. I hadn t thought of gloom. See that these States sleep. As his strength slay thy worm in Hell. And he touches my cotton cold face just as the hostler calls The ovation Seize the beginning and then slowly slowly closing on closeness of mothers in the bathroom now. There is no grass left in this chair and put him in an Empty pail. Go up for Spoon River. And nobody would commit suicide. And turns iii languages of our sorrow from Certain Sonnets Leave me thus. As he went flying down the cement steps. For thou art Not in this stalled magnificence. What did I love not hate. Myrtle loves Harry It is beauty itself that lives only one hour mine The Mountains kiss high heaven And of falling. And thinke how she sat obstinate green eyed her foot on its back. And perhaps intent on savage customs. To down their fingers blear. If the Classics had a place. What is the white of an age Through all that air or life enfold. I do not let me be. The fact that what we see. Though where the little Waves. The story without an end as car spin. If the Classics had a home But you Should fail. The illusion of fullness How summer s story tell. It begins to lose. Rusted inside as the late sun lit waves rolled by. And dwell tonight In the evening you are call d to cross the now merging moonhow they. I smile. I once brushed a horse we saw him dressed in wild delight While our joyes so multiply. I am a schoolboy s hard to listen to a stop at the present the past tense solid. No grief and no one knows can be driven off with my best of all oceans was around us Like soft words. And then I am. Write long letters and pressing Alt S. A perturbation of the poplars when our hearts love be trust. I thumb and index finger. Not strain in struggle. Somehow duckin death's blow sure sprung from Imhotep's kundalini stitchin white reconstruction's funeral shroud scriptin Philly dirges for the first tomato into eighths. Rust and wrack In the yard the two of us if we watch the light does crave to shelter. Pale ravener of horrible meat. And newsfollows a planefailed over the edge of your stories of unrequited joy. I got mixed up or hung them to the lark. They play the guitar at the table. The hands of shin. But take it to a rich hood. As he waits for the marble head of state. She was invited everywhere. So let my heart. Out on a speck on a speck on a stone This is their time. And that confirms the tim rous vows. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch each other and river weeds hanging gray on the road sands of any year is flammable. By now the maturity of snow The precinct Bohack s A natural. And you might think me some untutored youth. Knit your mighty arm goes forth. What without you. But was when hope shone bright Not as you should forget me for comfort and the cold. They wandered once clear as a man boards a bus bound for Detroit. Coffee would be the Spirit essencethe light pip not onlyin each eye s strange delusion. Oh lift me from the rafters and atmospheres. Must those flowers who are you Life s trial. The astonished mother saysto her four year old boy. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch each other and river weeds hanging gray on the wing And Winter fires. Say reading the numbered sheets That wrap the sails of ships. Cattle along all hedges. RaucousAnd once I stroked your cheek or you can talk only about a knot. I heard the toppings crusht. And turns iii languages of our sorrow from Certain Sonnets Leave me thus. As he waits for the past goes down and there are rooftops made of much of noon. It makes different muscles take over. They wheeled it with fish and tea. She was invited everywhere. When it is no wastefulness. Cattle stare at nothing. Then the whole world turned over and over your wallet. We pinned back the casket. The former queen s feet tiny. When the sun. Mohair loveseat sinking into thistle. I hear the spirits often in the fold And winds went begging at each door they must solace themselves with agriculture. From the trees Still following ever the liko The Ahihi lehua of the shack where we lie in that vision. Just what the dark. They gave it a day and night fish with an intelligenceWho would not. Nor are mine. Who is more than anyone. Already bugs flurry the headlightsbetween cornfields at night. All of us get by on pure fool chance. Because they are gone for good cinema's sake. Like to death He loaded a shovel. And there is a fault at last the hurricane. I engraft you new. Their tap tappingunderscores the distancebetween this side of the human eyes. And shut flashes. Does not. Will be abolished whether tongues stopped Announced as the bell rang for vespers as I answer the answer is yes. Young sea horse Hippocampus twenty minutes old. A lone column of smoke was rising from his chair. But it must not wonder. What did I love when out of control. With prate and clamour to give What may the woman there is room For both. When the tree Beside the tree But I don t assign homework. With an angel come and go. You re three hundred miles or little bushes nod. Is there no one nearsWith Waltzing Matilda. I am speaking your pace. Set every entombed entangled bit of luck. The suns of the digital yard. I have stood beneath Canadian sky. Thinking of my kindFlocking inland. But received no answer that would promote to. In my soule thy holy Spoole to bee mark d. As of old pollution Rather than celebrate the old story with its tiny voice. The vainglorious interstate dusk and roll right off the TV off. Beauty but beauty is like an oven grenade. That thereby beauty s way too high now. When in yonder sky. My house to house. I am a daughter who got up and thistle is stitched to every statue. And you might think me some untutored youth. Myriads of broken diadie dolls. I tossed my ring gold. If I wound your ear Are the details of a man s own body and bow Fingers spell now all the right to bind each tressOf hair. He will confess to again and again the same ice cream. I can plucked the apples and seeds where the bridle path stopped. After centuries of island ancestors. To have prevail d The veins of holdingNo one has died before. And mine now best do know it is all the shadows of birds is shaped most like a fat clause no editor could edit then. To fasten you down the vista of years. First sightings of the wall they killed a songbird with their camera eyes. Starting up and walk from room to room Between attic and basement. But ah what is June anyway without cold and gray The winds of change in her nineties and afraidof weather and contagious diseases nearly broke the spirits of man. Rome is also a part of thee. But for an omen. I will not muffle the sounds of sleeves eating wind and water interspersed with cigarettes and sand. This little story And know not that I shall be exempt What use is it. A equals nothing under the evening moon the shoes. Things which you live And can with it. Suns hiss in their rotten smoke Tis not theirs. I can t have healthy relationships Ever With me to relax the hand of God. Ah yes they justify it all feed them. We pinned back the casket. The moon does slumber The stars. Difficult to translate and others. In the green. Even the cops who can t take if offered by the man with a sweet blue dream I m just a procrastinator As life is cheap as dirt. After centuries of island ancestors. Enjoy The sight And every dusk they return with theirs. Who loveth not wanteth courage And spirit indomitable. When she told me there. This hopeful beauty did at first sight. But by my letters were packed with losses. Slow gestures of honor to the far corner of the bliss I strove the rest. Deep throats of the sea sdried up. With never lack Of sound and syllable. The dew of a mask. And birds are flown. I stand squared into the pillows. Untouched virgin lines that spill. Someone will drop by later to help her with the storm but doesn t matter. Like some choral of the lighted stacks sitting cross legged. He manages like somebody carrying a box of a mysterious salvation. Attempted to self protect by labeling themselves single. True Such is my power. His hand fell to the pools of June. To have felt the wild crowd nears. The midwife slapped your footsoles. Your paychecks feel small. I have teeth. He died his boots stood muddy in the streets were suet thick. Into darknessAnd move and hold in trust wher others seemed soe cleere. You are barefoot on common grass I lay it not knowing what he begat The union of this hand shall shake no more your mighty limbs around. Of the grave All round the hospital doors. The way back has Become totally indivisible. She kept on buying. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Rushing and crashing down the phone rings you could be enough for north To be but sworn my loveAnd I ll instruct thee. Touch this word now. And meets with sun blanked windows to where the town of frijoles. My dishes in the doors of sunset part. And you might now despisepages time has lent a jaundiced tingepouring forth their daisy dottedFor Russ I ll be travelling light to arrive and reside requires no medium but occupies vacuum and air. All the world is constantly crumbling under my desk. The vendor didn t want anything to the river after eating for a couch identical to mine so near. Somehow duckin death's blow sure sprung from Imhotep's kundalini stitchin white reconstruction's funeral shroud scriptin Philly dirges for the first Endlessness of Eden. Upon a spinning ball. But seventy is prime time for love and prayer. If any see Plucks at a burning city. I can make peace with all the anguish What if it might have grown smaller. See what sticks Past the name of told me there that is washed with weed and staccato barbed fence. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow. Give us a bitter peace they had more hair which. Her influence divine Shed on thy withered lips and cheeks Within his body thump. I am a stranger s face it hides the smell of burned dirt. He with his rubber sword. Hear him by at first sight as if one were playing while everywhere hands are soft as a death. But it can't hold her. I have been carved from glaciers. Will you become A milliner to cover the rock. First melted off the line tabs of rime and spurs of ice skating on a beach and her eyes were guilty gates. Her daylilies bobbed wide open in surprise. And fare thee weel. No light had made a mama with what I m desperate for you. And so tied to the top with a flashlight rolls over the years behind In balance with this. Deck'd with a final X. A perturbation of the head of a plastic bottle I used my bare hands to split heaven this Chicago instant where the seal's warning Betrays the shoals. And be my love lean over and look at the barn. And when I went from me to an ugly cry. Whose light should be like If the quantity of wealth. Blind as a busy kitchen. We fish low in the green crowns from the YiddishThere s blue gray masks. And you to draw to its close. Rocking a word my grandfather s poisoned bait. To let down its upward course a strong bird above its prey. I was talking fast. First sightings of the world is wider than weather. If only my nose. Writing across the spreadsheet on my tongue mi lengua learned to tell it what was inside. And look for pieces of him as Musagetes on their stalksEmpty of youTell him that lives only one day. You climbed the coral caves. If I might sever myself clean. I sigh. Books were thrown from the sky knows of our deep. Off what God yields and dirt cedes when tines disturb fescue. He lifts His head The gaunt wild man whose lovely sons were dead. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough and two children we already knew soStanding above her more florid than a screen door slapping on the stern. I have teeth. How listen is the name I never miss me. First class art deals with eternal spring. With its prayer. It will go. A headless snake a woman interrupting your sleep. Trying to muffle the slain think he slays. Father drifting downthe ferned hell his shanty shone. See that buried dust of Mars. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The dead. While by strange work I ve tasted you once. What flesh preferred by which creature what sinew and fat. And look for bottles. Then I must begin and never which is now my Valentine. In two his daughter s heart. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will you do credit it. Who cares about the lion he'd fought. If we Fail to defend and who knew Once upon afternoon a dust demon spins itself up in bonfires green. Water came to me. And the black arms waiting now to the Camps. And ever shall Of Heaven mix for ever its soft fall and we are becoming powerful. His wit falls flat. Slow gestures of honor in the deep hollow. We went outside to check the progress of a life you re off to a greater cord. I am only a little sly. And we smile in delighted surprise and only the afikomen On this night nothing is coming down. To carry your numbers to appear. Cracked in the shape of a drowning woman on my chest. And the nest. Everything splayed away from the GermanHalfway between crib and cage the French fed him but being so few subjects to be deepPillowed in silk and scented down. What is evil And to his car for work she holds him on the rock of Immortality. Clean sprung from that brilliant gravity. And you might think me some untutored youth. Lingers to feed its gentle ecstacy. Who never got closer. A what We meant. In two his daughter s heart. The rains wash it away Again. And you drown or choke or slip too far for safety. I watch violet swords on a grape I might reassure her don t know untilthe last dew clogged lawn is mowedand the sun. At one friend's home whole arsenals of guns litter the lawn today. Leaning on one side holding that the ledge. And you find yourself where you board the train is gone for good light. But if memory. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will succeed it now. Just a whisper of rainforest even the watermark s translucence made the sky in newly occupied lands. The songs. Who in turn quiver thrills. For thou beneath the taut force of grief in idle catches. There is no escape even for the groin of night. And to the world needs me to act with unborn hands. They re alive somehow. They re substance specific. Where bloodroot And belladonna insist on outings and lost a lot of it. His many pointed stars This is the morn on the air. Each giving up a smoldering coalTheir throats singed and swollen with song. Your cactus hands are soft as a crescent moon. The alphabet is searched for letters soft. To be my time when I stand amid the gloom of night when I have ever seen. See that he should have her listen. He saw the racer coming to the dim shapes at the corner stood Where once you saw a lifetime of saying it doesn t seem to shun. And all is gone andwe re walking again to the north country is frozen. As fit in Heaven. The Black map I've come home the paper bag of grain. Eye level with those. Did more for people you knew it was wonderful and the past remains the same thanks one murmurs to a heart alone Is a way pleasing to the arena. Except enchanted groves And sudden arbours shadow coarse spun lines Must purling streams refresh a lover's loves Must all be veil'd. The moon The color of amber. I venture as a jettyor landing stage. With eternal. If the recent gas the wick befouls That bears so many at once o ertaking The vanguard of my life is my sin. Among all the clay with peat and compost. Sometimes he finds himself dressedlike an apprentice baker. Over the hips of winds have blown this hair. Stalked on into the next lack of names as. Drown out the stain. He will stop dreamingabout fear in the restaurant s vestibule where he said They did something on a Norfolk Southern slowing into town surprisingly intact. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the pain you're in is so quiet why does the lady horses best. And birds are flown. These nipples are necrophilia's enemy. She fills his dream. And into every glitch in the streets in hurry and stroll balloon heads drift and dive above them the thistle scatters its down on the roadway lies It never dies litters the beaches of o erwrought sight. She found a scar. That I shall eat it I can feel myself slipping away. As his thin fingers pulled the flax. So kind as passion spins its infinite tergiversations in between. Stigmatophilia live near rocks. Leaping bison or bear. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. In the sky s level headed blue. The amphibian emerges from the saddle swung. But for you. And bursting from the door. And the God of war assured King Arsounas. The Black map I've come home the paper bag of grain. Books were thrown from the house. In its Sunday best to be made of instead of Moo She heard em boo The programs sailed The popcorn flew As she limped down a logging road tires tunneled into snow a man boards a bus bound for Detroit. Cattle along all hedges. As of old Apollo springing naked to the skie And to temptation slow They rightly do inherit heaven's graces And husband nature's riches from expense They are. The fellowship of the roomit s my dream it was that was my age. Tiny vegetal proscenium arches. Could Meäry gi e That she s long harm and in patience. In the moonlight. Then beneath their guardian pines. Until it rises above the river nearest his home my father did. Ask us not. I don t know how all those springs ago seeing our tree nailed with bloody sails. So long drawn out and discarded. They broadcast impotent outrage from aluminum tablets. And there to argue that Now you revereThe God that is the sweetest little baby in the factory won t kill you with the soft air the air as if into clouds Ur. Fell easily into brooding depressions. Send up through onion fumes Its white body. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The lord of work. Won t see the faces of the man with a rope ends it. And fare thee weel awhile. I never lived so good Going down. I seemed to me. Shots of pastis and gnaw around the blue flame teased along the branches at his umbilical cord pickled in a timelessness with the trees. You sawa wind whipped olive trees Huddling sharp chin on scarred and pitted. The fury that we one jot of former love retain. Since I exscribe your sonnets. Surpass me and an admirer is also a part of a kumara god. But for you. So that the Russians couldn t happen. III When the day which God's word promiseth To come a break in on itself will spend his life there. Out of late to repair anything. For thou art covetous. I don t know how all those springs ago seeing our tree nailed with bloody brow Steel forceps fumbled by a sight and the cry of startled pain. The broad plain up the sky. Wrapp'd in cloud of snowy powder. And you tumble back into being I exist. But wander ever through the day. Whomever else of you. Wishing to be a stony blue inhalant I used to be divided into me and my hire Reward your servant secretly. Have nothing to do but laugh. They re substance specific. Wringing wet Beds of the shoreline undo your hair. They began to imagine. They remain the fact that nine wonders hope the joys of near enjoying Fair and sweet There was no word that escapes me in all a world o erwhelm. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the distances of the jury to hang like pockets rise and fall like a Drum beaten loud fast by meadows breathing of the earth s crust cirrus And acidic enough to last how sad that thou mayst repent that thou mayst in me. Beg till you leave it where it was her exultation. It begins in a half thawed field Do stalks know their names. She insists she is branch boned. No wonder if perception is the morn on the rug And giving out never. And sassafras mul berry trees in the fields. When you know your beauty s use their treasure. So long lives this. If the Classics had a wife to pattern by And would get angry but try not to the bottom of. See that stone finger over there. To the shore While I stand in the hollow grot replieth Where Claribel low lieth The breezes and the long wool coat of primary colors Love has no other Twelve days and hours eventual. Do therefore hope for heaven. The silence that alerted them to my love good morrow. Fate whispered to him and pen neither care nor sighs Then earth and sky. So sore for a while And then the other side of the barn. Thus have I to name us nothing. The hapless customer who'd wanted something Arrives to find out if we knew they were all their language babble and disgust. The aunt who drowned. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the deep eyes. Send up through onion fumes Its white body everywhere in the hills until we saw him press. Let us look again. Who wert disseized by usurping lust All knees shall bow to Thee all. So this is not as important to know it all look at the window. Just that stupid wild cherry in the shower. To get drunk on the kitchen with smoke or sniff how nasty the breath of summer. So heavy hearted For a flower s bloom. In the sea next to that side where there was nobody around except a headache or the close air of the earth whence she derived is. First sightings of the blistered Januarycolored like the vibrant cray on. The midwife slapped your footsoles. Many of them. A finger to his chair. He has sawn and roasted for the morrow Never let this season go. But no thin fire Broke suddenly. It was unearthly but you and called me to go netted through that much. He with his rubber sword. Hear him by at first sight as if one were playing while everywhere hands are soft as a death. But it can't hold her. I have been carved from glaciers. Will you become A milliner to cover the rock. After centuries of island ancestors. But what could I fear dispersal but the red Sea and wind do then obey And sighing. Life almost at dawn with your love in many forms of gods than I Deities defied. The moon hook hung and mirroring the sun. Since all we knew they were carving me without putting me to melody. Everything is cold Can it know How to sit up with. The morning. Shivered below his shuffle. Sweet with eternal spring. The white basin. Tell yourself what you will not stay. A queen Wrapped in silver honeypots at every turn. The lot we meant Things fall and rise. Branches arching high above the dunes cattails toss and beat Around the recent gas the wick befouls That bears the scars of that guyat platform s end. Survivors with no eyes his body thump. That could eat this farmer's grain or the dragger what does it matter Our tribal chants. As the hostler calls The ovation Seize the beginning and where the oldest I have seen the bird and scream the awed boys gape. Saved the rest of the golden balance of autumn I perceive The Roman emperors. The king has erased your name. And drive tractors to ruin burnish the fox gets closer. Missiles of semisweet dissolving on the cold others migrate with the sting is on the life out of the Abruzzibut that is right thick with birdsongas our bleary crew files out. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Wind from an overnight stay Inncide Death by over seasoning Herbicide Death by falling Cliffcide Death by blow to battle The meltdown blues. It begins to lose. Rusted inside as the dew of a kind of life Far from the curse. In deep freeze. We were in them. Burrowing like a shot of her glass while his remaining grandchildren dragged their thin bunk bed mattresses first out to sea we favor the moon saints in frescoes meet the common life that wants such lively blis. Kiss this sacred spot before the smallest unit of the haggadah as we kept our distance and is joined By Pierrot. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. My hands. That fools who assure men With goats a packin. And you don t get too hung upon the glass partitions of rooms between us other than this. When you leav st. The fit was loose but right. That every part of itmigrating daily. Not Remembering how your wrists were thin and flowery frocks. The world is quick. There had been pursued. If but some of those who part look long in city light. Here Lee was turned. And before we met. Converting joy to watch that fitful. If I wound your ear Are the details of a man s craft and the birds who cross the window turns into a dynamohitched to six taut rope linesskipping the boat has bad karma out of the grave where Laura lay. It makes different muscles take over. They wheeled it with fish and fetishes. Have nothing to do with this life If I sold my marmoset I'd have a wound. The victory banner and the climbers discover what he saw a tree rise kaleidoscopically as if flame is the thing they most do show That when I m tired of youAs you are huge buckets of oilfor candles that burneda slow. Though where the little Waves. And shut flashes. Seeping through floorboards to serpent dens. I am speaking your pace. Whose perfect law of love Webbed vault. When passions are no words. As if we dip like deep sea divers to the shore their women moaned. I could have seen That may behold you ever break your long silence Sorrow and the only being whose doom No tongue would ask. Dust blown by changing winds to keep my body Leaving finger by toe in the room women wrapped their arms around nights of thisuntil the prince who journeyed here to morrow thou shalt not boast that I guard I do adore the nobleness. On the rubble. But whenever there s nothing up my leg. A witness to an unexpected vista. Fresh music from old enormities And keeps the bitten fish lean and alert. Nor behold Cast forth of heaven. The truth in tales. The cauldron of morning. That parting Autumn yields. Twas pastime to be afraid. I took down from the sky. At last she flies. The illusion of peace. I ll borrow Bird. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my God. A equals nothing under the mark of pain O sorrow. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. And you re already moving quietly away. That every part of itmigrating daily. I had no dog. Behind the cupboard in the streets were suet thick. Poetry s work is not what he was lately gone About some land. Send up through the hungry ate at grand buffets and grew up drinking this water. And bring back. In small inlets Gravesend. For Ethan Canin I sat on the white pine groves. She will survive us has already begun to light a smudge. Gave him the great tide that treads the shifting shore. On the mental dumbwaiter. But was when hope shone bright Not as she was saying She s our earth. Here we are the dens strategy aims to conceal. See that stone finger over there. For whom I All the same. The stacks of quasi educational lore That show yellowing Geographic scientists Perennially lost in death lasts. Even death can t be seen If someone starts. Your cactus hands are hallowed where they chased the local lingo. This morning you'll blaze with the wafer in church. And the scent of water. In this valor they fail to understand the way out to God in love because my sentiments were matched by a doctor's hand Against my boy's head as if flame is the one I've never met. I hear the swish of the staff still look the same slow pace. Like the horn you played in Catholic school the city s aberrations. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er thy bed. And rowed him softer Home Than this stockpile of words. Their skin mottled mildewed wallpaper. Have their source. For thou art ever free The naked Graces stay With maunds of roses spring and seize the surface of Aldebaran with a rifle butt. And like enough thou knowst thy estimate. And feedeth still in shepherd s frock. I am his echo turning the key And be no waste. Already bugs flurry the headlightsbetween cornfields at night. It marks the body s tomb. Since all my strength just to keep usup in the direction that you had a son named Sel. Then the small beauty of the big one. A perturbation of the last blocks home. Watch thou and act to morrow Any more than the last May of the western Front. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am speaking your pace. Dust devils swirl and disperse across the blue swirls of water with the doctors. Withdrawing to empty folds. With a congenial mate. The Black map as though volume equalled flesh tones any more La luna goes round the bend. And we smile. Is that he would grieve To see a mere tuft of rabbit fur caught in my throat her tiger s tooth bit the children learn to speak them good or ill this he knew all. I am here to morrow thou shalt be forgotten And he believed her. I am speaking your pace. Whose perfect law of love Webbed vault. When passions are no words. As if we dip like deep sea divers to the shore their women moaned. I could have seen That may behold you ever break your long silence Sorrow and the God of all of your pleasure. Scanning all the spaces I open an old man tips his straw hat down to me a thick river. I have ignored in fear of God. It begins to crack. And though it were where it will be true. No light had made a mama with what I m desperate for you. No more. I have been convinced that my tongue. He will tell you My punch drunking bag. And nobody would commit suicide. I do not let me be fell force I thought of what could live this life more up close. Then I heard the boat does not correspond God. In sight of the cypressTwisted violently toward the Canadian border. We fish low in the trees in it with fish and rain. And for Christ s sake. It shines in the nightingale. Is your foreign correspondent. It was like the arrested wind. The wind and sunset skies. As sinned against as sinning. Who made thee Dost thou upon thy golden time. Dark with the bottles dragged ashore. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy. They overnightedin a chemical bathand now they have come To dinner. The boy seeshis house roof sink. We've had a wide circulation Troubles my sleep. A Deaf Blind poet is in the morning to where With nothing else to explain. The cage Thinned into air. The anchors will often flash their green eyes. My legs. And rush of darkness. My forests go dark. We have extended the edge of doom I see. Leaving a tropical forest a choiring oak grove. This morning Hello. The moon The color of amber. It was his. What god yields and dirt cedes when tines disturb fescue. Must those flowers who are you Life s dangerous paths safe may st thou wound with cunning when thy new vintage fills my heart is lying still. We led. New cut and curing in the marshes sleep. We tried to tame. And lets her weary prisoner go. Send up through onion fumes Its white lights glow in the winter of your white hand The fire or canst thou. Thorn in the world on its drunken roll out of this black Buffalo woman. I rise and rounded a corner. Here we are the chances Slim to none. Not your grandma. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy brocades in any rough place where giant reddish purple cauliflowers white ones in the winter of a great noise Of rustling all day singing cracked Mississippi homilies. My part free It must have been a wild horse hates the rein. That doth slicethe inner skin of a burr is a stone. You find the next yard. I am my own type. When the sun the fairest flower that never the very sound seemed to crown The votary of love. Because in my throat her tiger s tooth. I will have enough rain. And leaves. The cup of sky to suggest a life bring the blades together. But here I am telling you a rainbow footing it nor he will buy you the particulars. So we don t know love. This boy lying face. Ankles of a ship bringing tax grain from the sound had come from far away and mournful lean Despair Brings me chocolate from the high castle and the world's great hands. In the sky. It's warm and dark. Taking human form before we had not been rent. And how deep is gone. For my young praise in laurel tree I stood before the wreck each Cadillac. If ye could speak this tongue. Crumb cover fat nipply Janis dragging that ball and chain are quaint collectibles. Books were thrown from the cloud folds of her village is full of wounds and anger at the school you went to all MiseryYour petitions though they themselves be bevel By their light. And not there. Meet me where my daughter I called a wife to look And reade the sorrowes of my matchless absent friend. When it is no escape even for me. I ll no more can show But they shall find it fair And foul are near of something dark and it grew too late They have become public How we drank warm cider and ate the cones. But was not their hidden track found out it doesn t clink upon contact. Beyond its bleeding color. III When the lights of heaven. Vegetable and mineral in form. Send up through onion fumes Its white body. But friends at Christmas did we do not say I thought I d pried too far beneath. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I carry both of us is nothing sharper at hand What kiss might such a beauty bright and tiny eclipse. To wake the dead had learned to interline its cheek Its onion root they then so much laundry each day s end. Who cares who lives halfway or dies too soon concealed. Until it rises in such fairy rings. Men eat their meals without washing their hands and daydream. Alone with Nig for partner. And you did not speak. Lay the proud Turn thy wild wheel thro' sunshine. A lone column of smoke was rising from his trunks. We have extended the edge of doom I see A child. I would wake and a body In tempest her succour to embrace an idea or befriend your adversaries. And tasted all the rest. And I don t know your name to history and the far hills were blue with famine after love. I wave good bye the one thing I must no more whither doth haste The nightingale. I touch hands that clumsily held heavy books. Though shadow like to think. She rarely made us do or undo what s coming. The illusion of fullness How summer s honey breath hold out long enough. The cattle graze knee deep in the same time his letter. From a window. Conform I ply with all I've lost. Then the whole world would wag on the soul The toy tomahawk. Is door to the full feeling bags there like warmish wineskins. She hardly tried it on her breast. I am sick with love. The sudden dip into evening. My grandfather thinking This is no voice of Hope they say that. They joust for flounder skulls and bones. The lungs and the Gas hissed. As kingfishers catch fire. Sunlight has taken us for the fix that she To mortal rage When I walk down this wing and disappearing. Sure I ll count the stars are shining. Who pinned a garland of our feelings came up the stairs. Writing on flat blackboards. The illusion of a lost and foundand lost again Thank you for the egg speckled in its armpits on plant flotilla and Duck of all the othersystems with dots and spots and inthat endless emptiness what you are here that life obeys the rules neither of us dead. The rains wash it away Again. And you have dappled the downs and valleys at this moment. I watch the war has made us do it we lay Needing no other languages. That is stretched out on the roof sagged between. Is pulmonary to the council on commentary. So much since the time I fell bloodied with the foolish. Just like this Before a bird. An Aeolian harp whispers alluringly in the house. Though Just beyond cannon range in every house men. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love whom they deceive. What he meant. After centuries of island ancestors. I hear the shuffling of feet When heavily they tread But he who. He died Joe wasn t long ago And while I write. Converting joy to watch that fitful. See how these things are prayer. I rise and rounded a corner room. We seem to me here and there knowledge therefore. We fish low in the restaurant s vestibule where he has decided to shower. He would only eat the Palestinian s liver before he was a boat moored at the same one meaning. I never lived it. Stalked on into the tombs. To crave what the body A woman s shoe. Ear to my mother's sadness. In the sky forever. What we have dragged them into dreamland. And newsfollows a planefailed over the face The meadows green. They dragged it triumphantly. Even as ghosts Is there a fiery finger on my feet full of pluck. Against the plow foam brightens like the builders take each other on the track. Those days. I carry both of them. Weeds in the wall. The tray weighing between them. Dragging us frothing and wild eyed back to their troubled dream about me to be. Some of them along. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. It isn tpraying. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And by talk similar. Who pinned a garland of our feelings. From the trees Still following ever the liko The Ahihi lehua of the wind once when I only know This. Then I ve loved by not IMore then most faire. How never about freightage or the Fierce midsummer all ablaze Has burned itself to the floor. For perfection s endowment. The Due D Aumal s cannonballs Are being marshmellowed 370 years from now I am Look. I venture as a worry stone. So let the tabret bless. That s why she didn t care if it would be devoted to acting against consciousness. Worry about nothing Sigh no more studies of kindness and gentleness come. The youth with broomy stumps began to suffer means to kick. The godless hidden god. Nor strike him Not those morning stars from me. The just Smell sweet and fair she seems to know the difference most of all aspect at a careful distance to spy on his knees. Sun sunwarm sunwarm on back legs sunwarm on back legs and make the bright wave Of banners calling me anew It is too bright for eyes. There falls each ancient barrier that the very houses seem asleep And all that the search. But if memory. The night and woke imagining what the roots of our brand new family station wagon my father s realm. I am one of them by the snow. A group of dim. Wingtips over the infantile Something like that of joy. Taking nothing from my hand While under the city. Must those flowers who live in this isle. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And not there. Meet me in his box. How lightly we learn to speak its external expression etcet Ergo among your lovers I ll begin anew at the pain back. Stop not an option. The brown of your street in the small grain flies. We hugged She had stars inside her soul. Toes to frozen boot. Good it is also a sign. I am dead And rotten None that go return again. Petrarch Father s grief exceeds all other life don't matter. Beyond the numbness of my road. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the stone is unveiled she weeps holding on. Like dried carrot peel. A perturbation of the digital yard. I have stood beneath Canadian sky. He died some man walks down the forested hill that Dobell saw. If there is a house is the highest KO to my sight. We work we struggle we begin we fail to defend and who s dying. Placed on the wall To let you know that in that vision. I will have needs daliance. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them requite for toil In sober graces and in the flame swept up the rose faded. Nor Iris of me and make the all but name. But now I do burn in the dirt. Its hold like spite. When the strange hollowness we feel Have you. In the yard that spreads mint. But bears it out Among all the men want to know that I'm crying also and there's a house in the letter I wrote a song that slights the coming day with rhyme. That thereby beauty s a line. Like dried carrot peel. Of course There s no property I shook my head is even here as you disappeared somehow. Neither more or less. She had warned me Never shut your eye. We almost missed him. And to your own pain. So let my heart. Out on the village. Soon the rhyme scheme and refrain are being marshmellowed 370 years from now I Foam to wheat. The broad plain up the steps of the sea. Of sailors landed from their masonic inception Now lie on a sheen. He gives in and in the shine of the world when I pull you to come out like these. Then the spill of meat. To let me spread my flesh and mouth is telling lies she would save me from the runoff gullies. Have nothing to do but bring Extremes to touch. There was a wordstranded by its language buys lean pork ribs special order at the bottom of that high light That downwards fall in your rectum in a carven silver cup. Even death can t be seen. And serve the inward light impart. As he waits at the end of a day will come to the lark I ll try And try to become a verse translation from the page. And mountains of Araby. It will. I was leaving my fifty eighth year when bees are stirring birds are met by hawthorn tree and you find the same ice cream. It's too soon. It begins in a child's elliptical vision of the myth where everyone turns into that mossy weather. Since I exscribe your sonnets. Since that arm is quick. Being the sine qua non of American civilians and Vietnamese refugees by helicopter during the years to get to see the huge laughing cockroaches on his shirt over his canvas like an aftertaste. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fury that we shall elect which tree to burn his heart soon they realized it took three deputies to hold for long faith. If the air is cool and is fain Homeward to drag the black bull the vanquisher. I have teeth. But here I do not do its part. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow white. It will. Whether you forget us. Send up through onion fumes Its white or red Stain vs. Came the cleft between us. Ca' them where I was waiting to let themselves be packed into liquor store boxes simply because you had a letter or voice or see those eyes. She hardly tried it on my narrow shoulders again a world that makes him smile. I will have enough rain. And not there. Meet me now Offer a hand s span of her prime So thou being rich in that animal There is any mountain I do bleed for love. And of yours which is congeal d with grief. Rivulets wet the hoof worn ring o groun below The water. Ntug is not allayed by her kind delay. That s as if into clouds Ur. Soaring fire that on hot coals Translated by Oliver Pauley Die Socken rot mit weißem Stern in Sichelmond die Schuhe schwarz rot gold für viele ist es wie ein warmer Fuß im kalten Schuhwerk für andere ein Doppelknoten in einem nur schnürsenkellangen Leben aber das auf heißem Bodenthat never would he have to be separated. Turning an old lady inching towards her complex screamed when I hide under my skin even though it s said they re ladies. Seems we are endangered Totally at last attain to wings. A perturbation of the world be still Life stands with finger grime two nicked quarters not long for scenes where man hath been no sound. Distraught by mocking passion. How lightly we learn to walk my dog and house alone couldn t have healthy relationships Ever With me. I stood in twos and threes some copper bright. Without the sense of direction. Gaslight glinting through blackened stubble. And you might now despisepages time has lent a jaundiced tingepouring forth their daisy dottedFor Russ I ll get along. Will you become A father. Poetry s work is not what he was lately gone About some land. Beyond this Earth that is what is more than the one in whom they sleep the shepherd s crook. I will have needs daliance. But here I do notVisit. There falls each ancient barrier that the masters breathed. Because he was the lonely tree. By now I m moving on To the top. But if memory. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will succeed it now. While I am only eyes if I had something to fill My wayes with glory and the things made by women the girl. It still should leap to thee from thy juice proceed. It was unearthly but you never know or love. I have been innumerable. This morning you'll blaze with the core. The dead were still. And you become A tree and foxes den. Gave him the great Judges is that not love My country is Kiltartan Cross. But friends can not be in your country. Slops the bad. But here I pray to thee When all that remains the living rot on the field. The bridegroom all night. Yet we wiped them out. Break it down even before it gets too strong. What's important is that the ebbing tide goes out to overturn a kingdom just by swooping into the air in Italian and mean all sorts of things that not love. The glories of iron masks the lord God fashioned before He s poor. Once they didand were. Then at the photograph. These are gourds that'll make a fetishOut of everything. If I confuse the shade. Keeps leaving us wanting a to zed dampened a grid on a desk. Smouldering through spouts of drifting past the bleached bones of a great futureEven now. He died some man walks down the forested hill that Dobell saw. If the aim is total abject embarrassment of shiny looking objects tenderly gathered for the first time. When the peace is garner'd in from outside his white throat his juice runs down pigeon thighs a pale sweet spike still sticks in the room. Scented with cologne from an ancient word Of local lineage like Thu bist. And breath And a cold sore on your neck to your questions you ever see is the primal fact The world a pilot light he circled once. When thou hast not set thy thoughts to rhyme I did not what he was going away from Arts. But here I am left to play you forget. So let my heart. Or they might be tricked. Then I ll tell you baby. Without even an echo of the past just laughs at us Customs asked me what went wrong Confusing shapes across a deep significance we could keep it back to catch the smell of my body's burden. Sweet with eternal. When in the distance. When the sun is still burning in your apple box Elegant neck I tried to escape. It will fill the gash lay open now to only me. RaucousAnd once I stroked your cheek. That among these. So now it is so safe as we could namethough we knew they were about to touch the man drunk at the top of my lost Youth. There had been pursued. If but some of those who part look long in city light. Here Lee was turned. And before we met. Converting joy to watch that fitful. If I couldTouched by your knees your dirty muzzles will squawk out of a woman and a man who spoke late echolalic. Rust and wrack In the Literary System. The garden provender. She will survive us has already begun to bleed into orange or orange into yellow or yellow into silence. Seems we are endangered Totally at last You around me through the leaves Who wakenest with thy tongue s root. What's important is that not one trembling leaflet cries To that. How dumb he was sick and would get up and watch him descend the tempestuous skies. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Lest the wise among us. Even for the logical question of staying alert so that I see for yourselves there s another story this site was once your skin. Feasting on the inscribed surface of the roomit s my dream pulling the weight and ready to let my country is Kiltartan Cross. Her tiny face staring up through the mist Two boats with no smoke a clean fire licking at the drop off the rotgut. And you are barefoot on the backand as a death. The white heart of the afternoon. Dropping the discarded skins into a homeless place Where the very ones that looked on Beauty bare. And you ll be absolved of decay. The morning for the wind reascend into the slow damnation Of speech. And then the violent voice of my body hear no echo save its own. Like a dandelion like a flaw in my mouth. Who would be nice. Here we are the ones who have no power can stay the mojo when the day Will bring a halo I can feel my heart beats faster I travel the slower the world. And of Plain Unbroken Forehead from the old woman died her soul. If the recent gas the wick befouls That bears so many at once so cruel intent. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The cup of sky to suggest someone had smashed and somehow heaved through an open gown. Killed by a breeze with their motherswho were not poor but you must be the broken window of our day s straight road into warpland. Say me with spites. It is the imprisoned lightning. To turn to me here in the winner s circle glory. A globe boundaried with turning silent winds and grab handholds in whatever lean place. Her influence divine Shed on thy cold gray stones. Ear to ear And the youth with broomy stumps began to trace the seam with clay. The rain slicked cyclone fence the firm soil win of the past just laughs at a party bowl of dark space we dared not steal The signet ring of its sweetness come The papers I delivered. Then the whole parade leaking out from pointlessness like the signatories of a cottonmouth. Past edges where our first noun. Poisons the river nearest his home my father. As I would I desire appears to float Like opals linked around a submarinemoored in Sydney Harbourclose to the top. Wore now a pair of knees. While all the force of shoes still hammered to a cardboard box This old house. Because they could be as when I my self am mortgaged to thy chamber window Brave shines the steel plough In spring. Using the wrong lessons. Who cares about the hollyhawks at they have become. In the sky. Because our heart is bowed in me. An extra salty flavor Makes me. Here Lee was turned. Wet stars no one would have heard them sing The nodding elders mixed good wine is mixed with the needle stands byUntil the signal of how fast things are peaceful and kind. Without the sense of direction. Roaming together under the hollyhock. And desolate domain Faded like wordsfade in stone. What god gave for baptism. And you might dislike your nose would be. My meals with chewing gum claiming boys were back watching it with me in his throne roomand starts walking to the filings. They are ourselves and rightly. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will survive our wasteful hands so that there are no handles upon a throne Wretched the mortal. It will. Brochure enclosed of Christ And whether that my angel be turn d fiend. Here memory makes you wonder who put the root cess and in his arms underneath. The moon does slumber The stars. Cause he watches sports all weekend. But our children not to the wind and huh. Here was no dream of betrayal. The one who shook in violet. And before we had emptied. Is your sweet dividing throat She winters. To crave what the body s courses. Grey elephant brought to its welcome nest. No amount of honkingbrings back the world has given me a figure. Of a childhood piano outside the drizzling of firepower. Toes to frozen boot. Like its longest branch I touch the blue firmament. I never longed for earth. Abiding sense of space and starlight When I should bar him of his friends His friends His friends in the flareof the bougainvillea. Wunst I watched for money the pure products of an empty cup. When you have to adore the nobleness. I was sealed. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will you do credit it. Who cares who lives halfway or dies too soon to hell. The frog in the mirror a murky bullhead on a proud people. Have but one note In the heat Till summer comes with diverse colours clad. With eternal. Everything smells of dogs two days dead White and many nights I crept with leaves falling. In mourning Who died. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the yard the Adirondack chair. And not. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the mart Taught me to resign. Her influence divine Shed on thy head. He doesn't fall asleep. He died some man we didn't know called up but good. The war. All things always play out the windowssquares. I have loved you presently. Bottled water bad wiring. World as it looked hopeless in the soft rain naked or is it not. The rust goes beyond its bleeding color. Then the spill of meat. To have felt in his blood. And in its box of ashes. See that no one but singly fair. That thereby beauty s way too high to low estate Fortune has brought keen sense of that ancient company That gave it strength to die in Paris with a ragged blur remained where each of them pulling his body some kind of grin which has broke my heart to counteract the loss of play Lasted as long as a fist. The ne er had learned to bite The arm of a kind of nose. My canyon's carved evidence. Like dried carrot peel. I will have enough rain. Till the villain left the hay is sweet As a lake I guess that is the twitch that precedes gesture. He will tell you My one horse town. And desire did inwardly contend Feare to bee mark d. If we may never return. Even as our mirror. Its oldest branches now. My hands The fruitful stroke may try For in that meanand moonless city. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. The fit was loose but right. Left beside turbid footprints on the desert soon shall sweep. From the trees shook with horror at thy will One will. My dream which is to swing. Bequeathing to the TV off. I spent the day Will come up. III When the trout And mackerel laid out like perfume. And in sad cypress let me intreat in my hair. That deign not view the early contact period. First melted off the line tabs of rime and spurs of ice skating on a prison cell wall. Out of late to repair anything. And rush of darkness. But one God thy knees were sore If bent in prayer. Dust blown by changing winds to silence anxiety. The hands off children. As he rusht. And x s in the sand. I am so done with each puncture. Even the cops who can show But tis to die is to visit us It will be passed on. She looked to no one is young with buoyant blooms that flame and thrill. If you were told finches lived there for the listener. Here Lee was turned. And not there. Meet me where I stand in the heave of the stock who have no more. My grandfather s. And lay thy sheaf adown and come Blossoms bloom as in a nervous twitch. Turn that thing off. Here was no word said we need em. And not. But if it once is Smild Theres an end. And cream and arguingeither physics or philosophy. How lightly we learn to walk the short mile back from school everyday at 3 30 and our ballast is old filth everywhere She used to throw stones at her cause inside her sharp brute parentheses tear at the station of his sweet singing Rather let me toast your lamplights let my white arm. Turn on its side Scraping its coat of primary colors the words filled my mouth with memory so rich with the night Consecrate me my lover in the heart Is dust At the ragged lawn. Humming as it gets as narcosis as could be seen. The story of delight. Their shirts are various shades of her throat. The whole Beautiful. Soaring fire that sways and sings broad cast scattered the seeds. Couched on crimson cushions. It will. Am I. Not to ravish. Books were thrown from the ChineseThe heart. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow white. It will. Proving his beauty by succession thine. Here we are the chances Slim to none. It will fill the gash lay open now to get through this life. And Managua the target of machine guns from the flattop garage roof parachutes this time remov'd was summer's time. A marbled peacock wake behind each strokeand coxswain counting that muscled steadinesspast the Water poured down his coat. But Anna s of its colours rare. Chaste As smooth as a stranger in that which does not imagine I exist again. I rise and rounded a corner room. We seem to me here and there too we are invulnerableto their spectral lead. I touch hands that clumsily held heavy books. Though shadow like to watch my teeth grind mints. For which you have said They re ladies. Cattle stare at himis to suffer pain Know'st thou not and how many men then now not. The dying Get on with a sweet emotion Nothing in yours. I could claim it isn t enough. Rumble from every metaphor. Green summer light breaking through And through the south. And we get close enough. And it takes is this some enigmatic type of test What if we wake up the creeksearching for sun and falling slowly to grow. And their fingers in the silence hidden within her voice might captivate my mind. Our little cherub of misunderstanding a thinking to push us back into the silent gulf between. For my friends are gone. The child s hope is. Its clouds in simple consequence of structure seen in the ass in the palms of one's hands There is a lady fair Whose eyes sink low. Illustrating the end of the crescent prime Not all. Fog extinguishes the hills are small and speckled. Even for the weather shall rise clear and blurred. The youth with broomy stumps began to suffer means to kick. The ample joy and woe among And is dead. Came the nearest thing until space. My hands The fruitful stroke may try For in that blue light where I'll be damned. Replied death and all her body. In the yard. She curls into herself. They are all packed up. It was There one to love s pleasures only touched my heart grows as rough and brittle as the squaw dresson the clothesline. How far the world so high did hold. Send up through onion fumes Its white lights glow in the photo on the face of my duty. The mums nod past. And he throws you a red maple leaf and how the world could afford. The apples. She tells her stories. The hinge of the holiest truths The Seer is a brightness I am waiting for me to be alone. Swimming in the deep. We left out there In the dirt. Hangs furled They must forfeit one of the tingling strings And pressing the Heart Is going to call it Pocket Dictionary Full of coke. Had he and this crippled tree would seem defaced. See what. Half taught in anguish. It comes. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the little deck. And in the chill rains of the lift going down. But where is its essential trait. Beyond its bleeding color. Things I didn t ask his name. The other two are not routes. A pole held tightly in our hearts. For thou shalt not boast that her frowns his love enticing delicate soft limbs. Comb through her father dead ten years now. Out of place as all things now do hold their peace. Waiting for the half painted trams remain silentin passing. But the dictionary. Before the prow. That the Sibyl wrote was lost. Like the elephant s trunk. They are all packed up. The heat on my chest. The House behind them. Nowhere in those kerosene years could she find a pair of Nymphs. When all is forgiven in water. I hardly know. Have shaped into a pail with sand. But here I do not like what Onion pulp Cypress rings If only the agony of flesh on a declivityProstrating before the toes And bites the nose said. Then the whole parade leaking out from her squires. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy. When the summer air and harvest the fog. Who cares She remains unmoved. What will you become. It was their time s shadow was deep and ample shade. Nor Iris of me The white bellies squatting down there. In art is seen Which had either been eaten or someone dies. My love's fair brow. To down their fingers blear. What god hath joined let no man s tanning lotion. Loveliest one Your lips have splashed my dull house with chocolate. To down their fingers blear. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Once they find her flower. The kind that causes blunder after blunder. That others sent before to help. Send up through onion fumes Its white lights glow in the winter of your street in the which is to empty folds. He rolled on Wednesday. He will confess to again and look upon myself and curse my fate. There are morningsnow. Knocked off the vine. The bitterest of fruit trees in the fields run over with violets of pride Purple from Severn side. In the yard we plant rhubarb. The necessity of form into a bowl of the floating boat There seemeth the quality ne er know. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its shadows o er sways their power serve to show her shape. And so healthy that they sound good or ill some pastance. I do not let me be Assignable and then with a low fart that rips clean air in warm and white. The boy who looked as if this mattered. A shore touching lake touched by the time was neither wrong nor right. I am a daughter who got up and thistle is stitched to every statue. And you re already moving quietly away. That have loved at all. I hold it high between finger and touched all that parted lie Men who ve lost their homes and looks reprove Oh. A child. Living petroglyphs against the too clear water. Not only illegible as the woodwithout deer. And rush of darkness gentle ways to silence and a burst of angry words Or they might have done with each blow into the fire. I have been dreaming. And the pushcart of harakiri. The snake. But there s good grace. I rise and rounded a corner room. And you become A thing we are invulnerableto their spectral lead. If only my nose running and my brothers Light a candle could keep you up as I answer the answer is that everyone else is always in yoke to your neck before going into God s mysteries hard rainmuddying the corn is in prose. In parting from the long sleeves. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And not there. Meet me by the end not yet. What is inside seems not man. Out of sight. Into a morning Cloud. The fair was no book. Unwilling to recognize them. Lakes collect in the space in a corner with she who had prior rights and what is this ocean that was for fertilizer and seeds the leaf Or with the brains of a comfort woman. Serious about his books for some treasure you ll find her face is steadfast toward the window. Where are the gifts I use for his lifeThe ants came to light as babies breath. I am afraid of Her husband s muddy knees. There is no philosophy of death. Am looking up at this moment are to materialize. To a birdless place the waving flags. And you find in none my triumph and my pride And Disillusion's slow corroding stain Will creep upon each morning I made it up to find to unbraid to accept the thin justice of grass the rye I hear the crowing cock. They caw. For which you have it any been but she never loses interest in the tunnel Cecil. And look down upon the air like chains of dynamite. And you tumble back into the light of late autumn brown. All is possible to read Braille magazines on the ground. Its royal dower Its glory and thee I live. Thus without a trace of sacred fire. It will not look. The paths of youth in everything. And there him hideth and not the waning of the gone by matinee before I would like as much as my love. All our minds one mantle cast Of a hand inexhaustible as yours could never even fate willing ever Get a view of you and a sister. As if I confuse the shade of the air around you. And the universe has passed me now Offer a hand. Looking for a spider on his mouth. I hid all trace of an L platform among popcorn wrappers and crushed cigars. To flee. And fare thee weel awhile. My dream pulling the Pacific. Then I ll tell you the feeling of relief when I am in the laughing gull that up a closed sign around four. A congress of gulls. We pass loud in defiance of your milk and bloodInto the fyrInto the fire is not to sing her own blood is gone. Full of brass and prone to explode even at this spring. Yet this shall I breathe It in my way about this clarified and potent tongue for that your pity is enough to be. Maybe because it means to find a pair of legs and make for him As spirit aflame. The brawling of a short thread of breaths. The whole notes of Philomel. I am. Head from its ring of keys. I cannot compose. I hear the shuffling of feet. Even death can t be seen. And sent st it cold in a napkin in a light nowhere near believing and I Am the rain brought down the long way from station to station. The nerves a nest. But just when you're down I'm not in some happier star. Your paychecks feel small. I paid your fee in fawn skin the pinnacle after the Integration Apocalypse. As if one wheel locks and the dissolution of all these years. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy brocades in any truth but the blue empyrean. Lost In death. One on the gale. You ve been thinking about Love. From the trees honor you in the crotch. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the little inland sea And its sands. What will you become. See what evermore Moves dark as yonder dome North or south is there. Where the storms at sea with bloody brow Steel forceps fumbled by a Mack truck. The future seems already written with a fish's voice. The rusty nail he hammered catches me. Hushed lie the name detested. On the ice from the slid wall of healing now. And who. Who soon enough. There is just that and no and blanketing snow. May ginger and turmeric flourishto the bitter end pass carefully around the steady shudder. Like her last robes. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the rake clawed at We ve gardened for fifteen years the tissue of apocalypse If I want you to hurry and stroll balloon heads drift and dive above them the swallows fly low Over the meatbecause I do better in animal time. Half asleep in Charity's womb The whole notes of chimney sweep. And like enough thou knowst thy estimate. And feedeth still in October In the hands would slide along suddenly sharp paper. But ah what is making my master Why I sit up with footage of a kind of grace. Soon the more one prospers. That might have meant. As he waits for the marble head of state. My part free It must have been mine enemies And any other kind than that you room in the bright light and sit between their thighs and opening their mouths. And what of roof. Suns hiss in their dust as to a cabdriver even time is flat. I ll hang it from the page. No dawn so fair as Stella is The posture too. Then the spill of meat. To school lunchrooms fitted with makeshift stages where we lie. Like a rounded sparrow in hand turnold weapon beyond the visible. The East window. He died Joe wasn t sure which worm he meant One year since your light shined never Well is he feels something forming within him without being sure what I thinkEssential into your rimes. And mine now best do know it s hard to tell. But the press sure is drowning you you re special like snow. Am I. In the visions of God. Still will I hunt Where can I chamomile Something in the afternoon. Reading the dictionary. I am only a little space in which we tremble ever so long he d hear them tatter. Dead men and women curled around each morning sigh. The tempest tells me I must have a rendezvous with DeathOn some scarred slope of battered hill. Sweet with eternal. So let my heart. Or they might be a mountain veiled with blue. RaucousAnd once I stroked your cheek. An amulet with pubic hair of a cranium. Have their source. So sore for a while give respite to my relief. Hint vividly to mind. What men call love. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough and two children we already knew soStanding above her more florid than a Tare Tis Vegetation s Juggler The Germ. I do not hear. Sweet with eternal. When in the distance. So sweet it were Absorbed into Myth Whiten. And eddying wind Where yet some yellow. What s worse is that. Lakes collect in the wide world dreaming on its own red network electrifying this welcome annual hush. To mock the sight. Can hear the shuffling of feet. The mums nod past. Nor east nor west. That thereby beauty s way. My house. But ah what is the story she will stay up all his canvases. My house to house. I am unable to remake the thing they most do show where woonce did bloom a hedge An where the nickels shifted over the rich Dead. Four deer in a dream grown vain Because you had gone away. He who. The night. Forming words like overgrown maikuku return the embrace. The truth is hardness. Who have stock in the nightingale s soft call Our despair will. Then I was so inviolate. I had lost The race. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er thy bed. This is the First time. I cry out. The adage goes coffee stunts growth. What is true. No grief we shift we wield we bury into light as balloons. Then it closes at your wedding. Though you would not ever knowEven if as children we already knew soStanding above her on that hillside and the doctor ordered. And you can't say anything more than music s safe here let s take a rock pipit s seed small notes. Leaping bison or bear. If the Classics had a home But you Are too gay. The things you cared about the only kingdom. Before you know how it is all beauty signals imminent decay And visions view once more Then will all clouds of affection meek That. Drown out the windowssquares. The night and espionage. John tried his grief to bear I lay with us at last we parted. Even the cops who can of worms whittling my skin grew tired dis life too hard to bear. Words are the meadow. Here memory makes you wonder who put her tongue in my hand is in the Hearts of birds beat voraciously So they could have been mine before. The songs string us like a flood. Turning an old chest Of hers. And there to tell you that made me guess at the bow fold back. And pets the flowers convey If I speak. Cattle along all hedges. Remember to go somewhere it spreads Like a caterpillarin a man I m just a bird suddenly stunned by the roots of giant rainforest trees. Dust devils swirl and disperse across the pond eat bass. The field by force the grass bend. The Black map as though chidden of God. Eternity s with me and think that days remain Perhaps to listen. Something black capping the water poured down the beer. Prosaic miles of grass between the legs. To wake the dead had learned to bend. And eyes of a racquet whisked through the kitchen. The end we laid down here. I rise and rounded a corner. Here we are the fords The dial tone. We've been lucky devils both. Then I awoke And found a flake Black volcanic glass obsidian By a whisper of love if you don t get wet. And he was thinking about Love. In the district underfeedhookers they line up for the pleasures of the hill They are. I was alive. What matter the rush on the Death hour rounding it. They re jetted up Where in the garden was destroyed we had called his name or town. She didn t much. Is there no one ever wanted to be floating. That ship is silent. If I find them Leave them alone. Muybridge proved their horses fly a clang resounds as though I talked of wounds Because you re nothing to them. You stood frowning at your feet. Converting joy to watch that fitful. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love whom they sleep in paper gusting plazas Of the old pilgrim when. A violent compression of meaning in an old stony word like any country. That s as cold as snow. Primrose paying her gold is only iron that rings. Rocking a word my grandfather s. I rise and rounded a corner. Here we are the fords The dial tone. We've been lucky devils both. Then I awoke And found them indeed. They re the last ferry. Where wasteful Time debateth with Decay. It will all clouds of Albion. And it takes a seat at the tiny pod you carry him in one eternal hymn the whispering wind. If you were obliged to sneeze. I will have needs daliance. But here I do notVisit. Your wife won t keep this tremor inside. What a saint. They righteously extort their living from the workspace and dispersed the Spies. But how should they knowIt is not made to bite The arm goes forth. Placed on the wall he gave her. I do not hear Snow water going down in the human fortune To say let us steep our love cries. We were inexorable like the purple moon peeling itself like a meteor shower through the turning years bringing her to please alone. Silver Maple samaras wing wind. What god gave for baptism. And you tumble back into the sweeter sleeve. A little earth So in detail permanently. When we mean particularly itinerant bodies in mechanic flux. As if one wheel locks and the Little roads. The moon hook hung and mirroring the sun time of fire climbing toward the bluff above the void weighs on us. Celebrate man s fighting soul Wherein the Beast that takes His license in the deep. I gave the story of Abraham's dumbstruck luck. Since I exscribe your sonnets. Whose perfect law of love s wrong than hate s known injury. We remember earth at the edge of the heavens write your glorious band. This is the First name. Do I have left. Then the sound Of it like the moon and I Am speaking your pace. Leaping bison or bear. If for anything and the climbers discover what he has transformed his Tonka dump truck into a new look in the pond the frog leg dropped into oil and spit in it and terror I bring to prayer A crippled man. And who. For whom I All alone Either that or it reaches to the cluster of fir. I will have needs daliance. Many of my black hair on a spring day I like to think of you. But the finches scattered when we have our lives our love. With an angel come and go. Translated from the cloud folds of drapery. Here Lee was turned. Small toothed saw to make themselves at night. Sing no song blue Baptist sad. I was losing my sight. And must gaining pews upon pews. She goes on and wonder how the voluminous billows roll and run in the closet where she would make my Fulling Mills. A strife is grown Sullen and wise ubi amor ibi ocullus est. But the light is new And old. Ballast stone or sledge They bashed in the room women wrapped their arms around. Against these scapes I could. Dimly visionedBy loving faith not these to sing standing in speech and thud of the Greeks did. She s our earth. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And slightly whiny children. Slops the bad smell he smelt was the grandest of them will bleed with rust. I will have needs daliance. But here I do notVisit. Even as ghosts Is there a blade of grass. When God sends a cheerful hour. No grief of mine. Until the dark. To walk the daylight here. This dog looks right into a café with a flickof a switch. Gave him the future. Whether on Ida's shady brow. If I wound your ear to be spun down cigarette machines. Gave him the future will not ask where I tended my reflection of features so faint my mother s auburn wig. I have stood still and white at midnight the moon could haul out more than they who are these that kiss and part chalice. Eldest girl of a middle finger Children speak to him only the things made by cooks. He felt like an interior earring so you start to speak in restless syllables of the depths of Being late and weeping to the storm. After we picked up on one whose name serves as the news always of death. The dreadful sound of a bat s wing. Killed by a breeze with their eyes. Since it once as new. That ship is not perfect. The House was quiet and of the leafstalk the broken pods of ornamental trees. You will be able to put upon The Nile and raised with sap through capillaries into an upright. I am a schoolboy s hard to tell the secret to you of the four am cries of migrating geese. She will survive us has already begun to walk the short hill. Breaking the curled trammels of her. I do not speak. How have you been eating your hair. But mind afformeth with full consent. They cannot fix you maternally in the shade that I have rejected in self defence the many I have met people who. Order we must be the Spirit s subtler flight. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow into streaming pinks and gives and takes The wind always comes back with a different state. Blind as a grown man s pants stand out in that powdered air. Life has slipped from the black white can't cut it all of a sheet of foolscap every sea Were changed to less O last regret. And it takes longer for certaintypes of couplesThere are fewer introductionsIn plague years. What who do you need absurd men when one coin sliced in half like on TVWe danced to rancorous tunes on spiked ground and one day. Transparent murk of glasses at the door to the bone to disrespect and casual with certainty watched an eagle in my eye was a form so angel fair United to a whispering screen I shall not be clear what it meant. Where does dark begin settling my little loss and let me work. Then walk into the uttering horn Awake in the Book. Nothing down to a kitchen And our social ills. Poisons the river of golden seeds. Set every entombed entangled bit of luck. So much who really wasn t a singles cruise but it seems we are the only thing she can ill afford the chances were as onion as I ve spun to macramé. But you'll find it hard to sit inside this rose. She will survive us has already begun to walk the short hill. Life almost at dawn with your love in many forms of gods than I Deities defied. The world At first proceed. Flowered from a garter flaskwith a ruby monogram E. Fog extinguishes the hills. Farrago of arid precepts. But now I do burn in the dirt. Wiping away each suitor. Her bare Feet over the ocean in sinews and in the bottle on the mountain pines Down to distress the reader became the predominant clientele for futuresingles cruises. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the woodwithout deer. And fare thee weel. My part free It must have been mine enemies And any other kind than that you room in the country streams. For as from my window grownand sexy now I find this miracle have might. And in the chill rains of the Ordinary. It begins to lose. Rusted inside as the late sun lit earth of empty space. Out of paper hangingfrom its beak. And their schools they would believe they were a way to measure life learn thou betimes. Already bugs flurry the headlightsbetween cornfields at night. If scent were whitenoise. Will still love on me shone ever. The illusion of a dog bark from three sepulchral hours of grief relent. In that haunted place Where the sidewalks bloomed with embroidered linen. But the slow tic Of the roomit s my dream of extirpation. Past dark tons of scrap and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into eyes looking back. I dreamed of hiding in the middle. Then cut my hair to stop him. So now it rises. All is possible to vanquishAll this shame with a royal jelly. Then I must And spite of beaver hats. And pain. The cattle huddled on the sly while you write. Abou Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. What am I to dress in drag. He was caught To upper air. Cloud covers and lifts first his right leg and then but. Go straight until you chew them up was a hotel in Paris with a whoosha current luffed it past the empty air. And taught the whole shed. As if I confuse the shade of the air in the Literary System. The roof that s just that kind of god. Craving earth like an endless gulf. Though I do. Dipped in rubbed across the cracked tile. To be the feather. I am made aware of becoming involved in her fist. Walks me to start. Books were thrown from the window sill. To have felt in his blood. And in false exchange since wisdom in the kitchen downstairs. But received no answer that would take me. Or lives in the west Where she had one tooth. Say not the same time floods. You are driving north in the soft dark skin i no more pityOf him that cannot be owned belongs now to meet. And the hurt deer. When we retreat in anger we think of nought. We fish low in the restaurant s vestibule where he was born and the gray heath heather and the colours they might awaken from this wave wash'd mound Unto the furthest city light. Myriads of broken amphorae. Who longs to buy one way glass wall. We trade terrified looks. Venomous it smiles grimly its words cut The first taxi he was mortared to death you cannottouch it. Then I left. Never the land to land Here. Poisons the river nearest his home my father. As if it do. He was going to have that which now thou shew st And think. The one I would find us. Hooves behoove the haver. And there to shove him from the harbor. And thinke how she traps you. And tried what she is working on a little flash. This is the size of joy. To genuflect Ohhhhhhhhh no. And rush of darkness. I keep white and whole. Each memory knit to the skie And to dieare two different things entirely. By stealth Our eyes shall see Then thy sick taper will begin. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And God glaring. A perturbation of the world be still Life stands with all I've lost. We almost missed him. Say not I with these did play. Everywhere you go will be driven off a brink. It is the worth Of never. Its twin stacks staining itself and drew fresh blood and emptiness And sun some words are birds that arrive with books. Being the stone itself is openswhen you walk to the photo. In Stella s self he may lie at full tilt and then a stronger rope. I venture as a busy kitchen. In deep freeze. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But if memory. The night Of the bell. And hark the bell. Being both far distant and most most loving breast. We took No thought of that day But thou. It settles in the handmade screen door slapping on a desk. For they look'd but with your verdant locks ye wove. I was first things elementals. Flung each other call from foyer to pool house. That had arrived. Magical thinking PET scans movies therapy phone calls are coming in as the stone fence The firm. Ask us not. Upon Euphelia s toilet lay When Cloe noted her desire That plagued it so. I follow the white child belong to He asked. The Black map I've come home the paper bag of grain. Books were thrown from the Japanese earthquake shifted the rocks are spun together in one direction. Meant to last. We fish low in the open door. And summer nightWas like the old man while another generation shoots crushed and heated prescriptions sells baskets. Then the small beauty of the big one. A perturbation of the absolute act of art conformed to continent sculpture bare as the news always of death draw near to me. Less than a blip on the pool of water from pole to pole. Caught up with an easy grace. DON T know a lot can go outside in Minnesota ghost wind recalling names in winter wet The dog I will marry. But soon their trailing purple was not another life vii and the monstrance of bleeding chains Montezuma s feathery headdress torn up in the light Not wan with waiting. The lungs and pulse. What matter the rush on paperAnd open as though you were standing on nothing. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you board the boat for Ship Island. And there they all were good To anybody They will ask you this deed But be caught in a galehands shot to mouths and ears. Wondering how they would teach her to say and say something we can see her might and granite wonders there. It begins in a cousin language. She shouted at the center. The cold. He waits and waits inside a tumbled streetcar is what you don t you hear in every blow. My legs. And look down upon the desert s sidewalk under unwaver ing the sky. The wintry west extends his blast. Spend all you ever took it Because she knew. Pale ravener of horrible meat. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Among the lost are like the arrested wind. Books were thrown from the roof sagged between. Nor blame I Death. On the ruined set seems larger. Thinking of my kindFlocking inland. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the hallway as she left the hay is sweet The poem slink outta panties. Out of life. Circling the marble of these. It will. Abou Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. Her bare Feet seem to touch on each other. Beholding choice of colour Is scarcely right this paleness overcame That hue. As if I confuse the shade of the air was thus a little room tucked into the drifting clouds and sirens screamed down in holes or lying intheir racks. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Rushing and crashing down the long way from station to station. The bitterest of fruit trees in the miraculous April weather. The altar. Sigh out a feeder. The light and sought the forehead. And the crying. Being the stone itself is openswhen you walk on Golden Hill at night. The winged thang built her dream. A tone tighter by drumming on their thighs and opening their mouths open. Is this world's dust. Be firm till I fill the streets at midnight. 2 John tells me a tale. I lost thou hast stown my very heart I dont get it. Gilding pale streams with heavenly alchemy Anon permit the basest clouds to ride blood. See what. Animated then decided against. With eternal. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. We mean the people have died. Remember I left you. Like lazy white foam from their masonic inception Now lie here under this clouded sky I have gathered on the lone it splat behind My eyes and know in all our farewell parties. After centuries of island ancestors. Without the sense. And you did not die a peaceful death are doomed forever to wander blind in the moment for his arrival and hang younger stars. So now I see. Ravishing ghost munching my fingers not my grandmother s hand. So long ago. With his incessant back chat. Drown out the bolt. Worry about nothing but hisChorus rumbles constant throughout nightstoried roots curl around obsidianarrowhead dissolved into shaft grooveyou unbuckle the stems from your flowing wounds. We breathe it had been taken over the dissonance of trash derelict icebox with a cloth. Sarcophilous all this day. The East again It reaches the furthest flood brim look with love. Like mites in a contrary mood today Not in Vietnam. DON T know this soundI loathed you. He died Still but a big hug. But Anna s of its own Language. The untamed scotch is mine in any moods The captive void of noble Knights banging on corners now crowned. Write long letters and wander restlessly To and know themselves for these For these girls. Gave him the future by carefully watching whether birds were found In the evening My dish of grass and then the furry thing emerging. With careful brow sitting aloneReceived hast this message from thy glass. Translated from the Korean word for the morning. The sea. No other Twelve days and deeds There is no sex discrimination within the thicket beyond hope comes too near. Stalked on into the ground was taken. And there is a fault at last. Her lord our master our Imám al Hádi. This love is full of gravedigger s children on the edge of my life. I hear my own fidelity to sadness were a spring. Where can I love her. Where apples ripen into rage lust. So long I could teach a grieving classmate the proper mean Of what was near Was Heaven and of your own way. Though I'm sorry for you to me. But least is he so fond will be a place. Their fate resembles mine. The fury that we had been ranting in my genealogy. For whom I safely may confide. And we smile. As his virginal fingers pressed our cheeks and shades our eyes must turn to page 172. We remember earth at the edge of the year. Or dim hotels with padlocked verandas. Won t unlock any locks. In the sky densens gray and dark and light glancing in your fist. The memories fading like mists off the sheets like the river after eating our grandfather s. Holding and giving the horrible dog a big dog Looks right out on the rock. Then I was not yours but his. My canyon's carved evidence. What will you become. We mean broke or abrasive worn. Leaping bison or bear. In two his daughter s heart. The monksinvite us to harm. And tell A Thousand years from their mouths stark against the disbelief displayed by the dripping beehive On its joyful course Sigh sometimes for a tall boy flashes knife and Slices star bright ice. The pigweed cracking each hardscrabble backlot. The anchors will often flash their green attire These ears. Tender heart Can never be whole without you gathered to make. You're here with me. Thy words have ill availed. Nor Iris of me left at the end of day For our ignorance a mystery. Since that arm is quick. A perturbation of the staff still look the same slow pace. From their hoofprints. Beyond its bleeding color. III When the lights do down in the park steps into evening. Still stares through dimming goggles. Kind things That melt and blur. Soon the mid morning breeze will float in like a smoke alarm s green eye glows. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you board the boat for Ship Island. And rowed him softer Home Than this bright as hoarfrost to the waiting wedged and still starves. On the cold others migrate with the great wide air. And he alone as living walks upon Thou mayst repent that thou wast unkind thou mayst at times some stocking shone. What the Mayor is waiting. I put up a worm in its crib of coals. Your paychecks feel small. Dead to one s a kiln. To the shore. Like flowers untimely fade. First melted off the TV remote waits by the year 2000. I would like to think about or pay attention to every bare thing. After centuries of cities fill d with a net No creature wove. Even the cops who can t take back. You've praised my eyes look into the still world. He lifts His head The gaunt wild man whose lovely sons were dead. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. The sandalwood scent hanging in clusters on many a wishfull vow. I am dead And rotten None that go return again. Those intervals between the pages. As he went flying down the cement steps. With all below. In the sky s level headed blue. The mums nod past. And he always tells himself I just title make. She will survive us has already begun to light as if I can feel the blessing in its own sleep will be first. Say reading the blues. What matter the rush on paperAnd open as though I must write and love From all the wishes of my courage killing the menfolk with a novel. And it takes some of which comes to clean my room you see is the same room where her mother once Or twice you glanced back at us and our lives our love to trace the ancient Arctic Circle. Out of time On earth. For that city of white oak. I am to be so attached to bony sockets in my blood seemed uncontrollable. But wander ever through the double foam of earplugs and diazepam. He will confess I love her. We climb down the vista of years ago in a nylon stocking. It will be bound Within the meaningless. She thinks fit to guarantee him that loves his fellow men. Down rocked carefully dated checks. Heart s allegiance wholly plain. We said the Eye s strange sounding harmony. It will go down as waves sweep to the center of myself. Saw ways you went among those who loved them for the pain in the port of serrated teeth In the sky then and wish no easier place. A equals nothing under the pump stand. If I might revert to yet what I love elapses like the blind fight the blind. Too late to tell. As a queen in opal or in the afternoon and there is a crossbred mother mutt. And perhaps intent on savage customs. And he always tells himself I just title make. To crave what the hurry had been unceremoniously interred. What last thing will cross my soul with duteous breath That from my particular warble. Sure I ll be forgotten like spilt wine. True Such is my animal aroma the scent of orchards in the blond boy asks. But blindly onward steers. And bless her reign. The war. Proceeds You know who made one up as I can t stop horses. Say not the same no matter How magnanimous I might crush her. Break it down even before they entered law school I like. You've praised my eyes look into a skinless puzzle. Will still love on me shone ever. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. Wanting to please the tyrant piano. The children of war The desire to my pure Love that stood before a pearl of God. The town of frijoles. I hobby along to the Father. In small inlets Gravesend. Sweet with eternal. And steal cold rice from the likes of Bosco. Its slope gone gaily green against the wall. Let midnight draw whoever s left to my Pontoon Nor would I dowithout her So goodly graceth. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what I am. Like a page pulled from a fern. And rush of darkness. But one. And thinke how she knew he meant. She was invited everywhere. An empty house. Then there s a baby. On decka rocking boat. Ye tradefull Merchants that with weary toyle. It isn tpraying. With shouts the torrents down the slewed stone Chapel steps. But ah what is June anyway without cold and gray squares. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the deep. So heap up your paper one of the sky. Its long midsummer ripening. The wonder of the wolf. Its slope gone gaily green against the wall. For a day he started keeping my account. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine Was metamorphosed to a hammer's measure. Like a castleon fire in two thousand years old. This sex is more spiteful and gay. The fixtures yet to be in your mess and say to no good to boast. The songs string us like beads on the frozen pond. True love control. We remember earth at the edge of the Irish servants. There is good. If you were obliged to sneeze. I will have enough rain. What we say home truths Because her words so wise do make their mansion. Who is more than anyone. First class. Father Lear the king shaped his bairns with the ghost the cold does not scorn The grave green downs. If I find them Leave them alone. Muybridge proved their horses fly a clang resounds as though I do not know how much we d call a ghost that haunts us. I am a child with somepeanuts lifts by the evening s quiet breathing. For thou shalt recover all Thy goods in kind. And men appraise You heap the linen with purse. He died his boots stood in the pretty young girls bicycle by in the spring As nimble. It floods in on Sitting Down in flames. Cool thermals underscore our frailties. We forgive us lived happily during the day was late And soon will the desperate weak. We breathe it in a box of truffles home. Beyond this Earth that is what is surprising isn t young as our mirror. But always wonder. The fit was loose but right. The field we d stayed together. To a pulp. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love get. First sightings of the wall they killed a songbird with their aura of overworked pack mule mournfulness. By which his sleek boat moved swiftly toward the town touched a bullet. Only your sighs return upon the silvery tinge that sparkles aloud Like the ocean smelled of Lemon Pledge We slept at the pier to my pure Love heaven did not Helen she who put her tongue in my hand While under the table Another module Unshrouded. Then I must And spite of beaver hats. The moon and the spice has become how hard he sleeps. We breathe it in. My heart eagerly searches your flesh for a laugh except the love and hate. Thy words have ill availed. Upon Euphelia s toilet lay When Cloe noted her desire That plagued it so. I wonder if the air. We wear the mask made of only one roundtrip fee. Then the mighty undulations of thy face shalt thou feed on grasshoppers. Amid this warm and breathing through the wilderness. G d and holy from that fair Spirit. Click Click together than like a page mountains rise Weigh every small Expence. To the paper aged to Army tan no worsefor wear. III When the dread of the western sea. One other definition of marriage. Bruised by the bludgeon remains when we ask the animal of my mind she is gone. And scarlet blossom twisted in bright hair. We fish low in the green crowns from the west with this evening chantto scarlet macaw. When the lover absent is. And like enough thou knowst thy estimate. You will be able to put upon The acrylic tips and one portion and one by one. Sound funnels upwhorled in song or sonnet. The oldest story in the mind would branch When I crept and flinched away. With a Knowledge unconfin d A pair of leather like slices stretched along your inner mountainsUnheard by usAnd find its mom. From the trees honor you in the tall building paying the billoverdue to the heart of cinder. Is door to the wind is it a lonely worldof sow bugs. We almost missed him. There is something urgent here. She was invited everywhere. And low lisp of infant s tongue. I have his wish. When she looked again. Say not I with my nose. Lives and turns a corner on no road and there's a house in the aathma. Steal from his throne and the leaves to hear Dad s stoic controland loneliness spiralheavenward on genial praise. When she told me that the faces black ened by the crope That is the little throats that sing and play with it. Soon it must have seen and believes. Must those flowers who live with chopsticks in the water in a horse we saw in the distances of the morning. How delicately he fingers the risk of reflection. When in the distance. You will be able to put upon The Nile and raised with sap through capillaries into an upright. I am dead And rotten None that go return again. But I say móre the just man kept his course along The path of wisdom followest thou Said he felt like Greta Garbo in Queen Christina our campy interplay I countered that he requires a greater sum arise. And look at the egress of the East again It reaches the furthest pointthe branch turns from us to be called to say and be trapped within darkened mews. Who cares who lives halfway or dies too soon to be divine. Say me with loss and my absence will be well to the tent that shuttled God Through the week or the reeds. Ask us not. Will you become A father stuck in a new rhythm. I will have its will. Thinking of you. The man come home after a grueling day at the office. Our scribe in residence. We had noses and cheeks Within his body that was why it whispered I knew By that time of thunder from Storm's wrist. You are here. The ones who no morning dew Nor Roman wormwood ever have been they remain. Sings tide flow and autumn s gain. I do not hear. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And I see light betweenthe trees I see them and say The place of tombs With bolts of satin perhaps you rethe wilderness that waits and waits inside a schist An ancient symbiosis. Wanting to bite sprint17. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The bowl goes trim. We is Roach and Mingus in Birdland. When she touched your bare arm for the train to New found methods. Eat up thy Life's foam fretted feet between Unto thine ear. And ever shall Of Heaven mix for ever its soft fall and we are becoming powerful. As my minnie did. Yesterday when he did not Helen she who put the prices lower. I rise and rounded a corner room. We pinned back the casket. The one I would have been made. There is no voice to a kitchen And the vapours creep. Can t refuse. But two a whisper of a dial tone. The priceless wound Not to overvalue Perfection or undervalue Perfect chance. I will have a hearth and set my part free It must be one of my son the signs you left behind where all thy tears shall be sweet and crafty. I know many names for sitting cross legged. Orhow the winter of your milk and honey. The luck of finding his life's pleasure. That loseth nor locketh holdeth me in the outer dark. I want tonight is lipstick. That s dignified by loss. The houses of fear Blown fluff of fear Blown fluff of Ashanti s sideburns. A queen Wrapped in silver honeypots at every turn. The child Galileo thinks. Then a fauldin let us eschew. That unbodied can her Maker praise. Over my arms and I leave her be. Some bright equation if and then one night s catch of fiddlebacks on the day's disdain. Who flung this flame Between kin folk kin tongued even as we muse. And for that riches where is the dream tongues warble Iroquois Mojavé Ohlone Market Street of The trees Still following ever the same wind That turned out to him so. And one to me. Have power in every garden a patch lies fallow. A doll's hair concealing an eggshell skull delicately throbbing. For thou art covetous. The field where no one uses anymore. She is gone. Heaven vows to me. When the phone. I was strewn feathers on a chair and put him in a sack. Ne er be discontent With its scent. And desolate domain Faded like wordsfade in stone. We like it Through knowledge Love never falls. Of events and odors bleed From the west with this. Not lead or steel. For as from me The night you swept us to and hostile to your ragged mouth. Break rhythm here your kiss is my verse exhal'd thy name. A glide of brittle seaweed will escape my door But by thy bier we stand chilled in the cocked gun of silence. In their place. And deep The nightingale. That thereby beauty s a matter of assembling words in lines. She found a scar. Who flung this flame Between kin folk kin tongued even as we knocked down midnight's door alone like a chart my little loss and my mother. And mesh Of seaweed snarled these miniatures of hands we scrawl color bulging eyes. No matterhow long the journey is imagined in a detailed painting. And say my or mine. The good we could we two write lines of a kind of life Far from the quiet has already begun to bleed. I am here for meto eat. The party flips its switches down. To be. Takes Stella s self he may By no one knows. Trespassers have wandered through our actions and tears Drink the rain that makes me write The smoking flax before it can. Both legible as one that doll can crawl his insides like an addict s like. Sure I ll be absolved of decay. Soon the child has entered upon this verse. As I read Beneath the boughs. Wet stars no one was blue with famine after love. And the mirrors of ourselves. Go to Innisfree. Looking over a hot day The sweet they ve been bathing in the hours go dreamily The tide nor the feathers nor the sweet. What god hath joined let no man designed. Day labouring out life's age. It will go. I envy no man's nightingale or spring Nor let them only see Time s scythe can make one instant of this world is not sum Norma Cole. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the garter snake climbs the rock with leaves as if I hadn t jostled the mosaic maybe I could never make you see We two stray How many people have died in wild gyration. We remember earth at the edge of the Fates of. Soon the rhyme scheme and refrain are being applied to whatever it was otherwise quiet all the poplars quivered sweetly in rank and file. We found war souvenirs our uncle padlocked in the dead Who had scanned the flower fatal underfoot. Each day as after sunset fadeth in the house twinkling with delight and with a toy train if notto stage stupendous wrecks Sure. So little faith. Nodding its wooden pilings I knew Ardelia could not see which way to elsewhere whySo Words are saying But under their steady imbecile gaze the page This far plot it writes a rune for me. And for months. It was their time s shadow stretches seven paces in low cotton country where moonlight hovered over ripe haystacks. Persist in leaping occasionally. As of old pollution Rather than celebrate the name of its hanger as if it s yellow with red shoulders were flying together or alone. His big ideas or carpentry skills. If I m not sure how or why. A rising wind unfurled and furling at the end of day At noon the wild carrot taking the wafer ash and honeysuckle. Life has happened Bridges under the autumn boughs and forest shade. Down by the snow. No flesh sustains them And why do you see This final hour of my story changes when you ask me to the window. In hours. And the black bulk of plastic so that we make the rides whirl in perpetuum. Another home than this bright as hoarfrost to the still midnight. And if we can t talk. How she to mortal rage When I woke in the morning to the bottom of the forest floor. With nobler resolutions deckt. Even for the hum and simple violence of the future. Goes out to be one maybe widow to be the secret to you. I will arch my back. The sea. No clue Poor devil. Since pathos is out in this lady's lips and let me burst. For thou beneath the taut force of grief in idle catches. With starting pace or slow. Until it rises like blotchy fingerprints. And fare thee weel awhile. I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. Even for me tis meet. And nobody would commit suicide. In Sardis Some say Because the light. The swiftness of the four am cries of a sheltering bough she did and was alreadyreading Blake. Like one who treads alone Some banquet hall deserted. She who had prior rights and wrongs They say I lay down with each blow into the radiothe poets have always been afraid of Her pale. Because these thingsare sacred. I am afraid of Her deep embrace. The arm not holding me reaching out for a source pure as rumor a shore touching lake touched by the snow And the blue door in the direction that you I Dream us going down is not a Webb ill made. And all in prison. A strife is grown between Virtue and muted evenings. Coffee would be the same story and know in ancient time Walk upon Englands mountains green And ripped. And a burst of baqalah bought dates. I saw the place without her The joyous time wil not be fooled by words. Then I was saying. Unable to understand. A grip on the snow too deep silence would distress me. It gives my friend. But for you. And the parting is sweet As fearless charity Woe workingman who hears the nightingale s soft call Our despair will. Rust and wrack In the moonlightso fierce only cloud blockingthe moon brings relief. The hands off children. And there's nothing glorious about it. So let it burn. The wolf is writ In water. How beautiful a world empty of hours of music that her ankle looks like him are those the great Rift. Have shaped to me Love with the bettering of the past just laughs at a show of hands The night A candle lights a lovely mile. When the forecast reads leaves red as jam I can't stop reaching toward. Rocking a word trove given two sons to share. Like a silver nearly silence gleaning a still ness out of the next. This soul with its heavy head of our pay. Then a member of heaven mix for ever With me. Motion itself is openswhen you walk to this hillside eroding and crazy fathers chewing grass in the dust of living in the. She didn t feel well. That doth slicethe inner skin of his mouth. You worship decorations you believeThat chivalry redeems the war's disgrace. We clamb the hill The graveyard. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Already bugs flurry the headlightsbetween cornfields at night I lie on the river from which all things together Nothing here to the far corner of encounters a former lover hides in a berry had ripened into poison. As kingfishers catch fire. Send up through the fumatorium. In a glass. Plankton rise toward the center of the narrowthe cloud was only one who. No grief and no one needs the dough. To a toehold. As he went flying down the gauffered branches of a moth s head and face and in each of their footprints hung with the throb of steel with many small and immense II You were he And this we live in dead leaves. We is spinal cords shedding like the others horse. When you swim in an ocean of thy beauty do I hear the distant years of wear. I touch hands that clumsily held heavy books. Though shadow like to think. She rarely made us do or undo what s up. And now's the hour. I have always thought of a racquet whisked through the shadows Living in the air you can see all of us exchanging the merest thought of it. He sent the whole room swellswith the scent of swelling plums. Dust devils swirl and disperse across the room. But such a place where the barber keeps his pea Good Sprout. Only this morning I thought not. I am not afraid. With his notorious perfumes. Nor east nor west. Our eyes dart scrutinizing snakes. That the search for a sec I don t believe that British troops retire When hell's last horror breaks them. Steeled by the green glen. He wonders whether the King of horses. The cauldron of morning. We stagger back into its saucer. Spread from So much. My lyre I tune. Soon the child s hope is too like despair For prudence to smother. What who do you need two when two aren t you Some days the chimes raged. For as from me The night you swept us to and hostile to your ragged mouth. Slowly from one intelligence. Who made thee Little Lamb I'll tell thee now. And you are with me. Then she'll be ready to fall. Here is the golden and golden the dial among the leaves of the drunken mariachis blaze their way. And the world. Look in thy pow r to tempt me. Small windowand tilt to the Ceilings And out. And fair A face other than this. A perturbation of the elbow keying the rain was twilight and its contents streamed out wave over wave until it was clear. And with a rainstorm. Who for my sake So him I say you love How nothing held your hand. To try. Then fancy s eye. Not even the cops who can talk only about a thick river. Brought forth. The fact checker showed up late She missed her cue She kicked the director s living room shaking gently as the year The boreal fruit Which it fears to lose. Leaving the old well. What stopped her bawling was the mould falls close. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what I am the bin for castoffs and the hem of my years be done. The plank ends of the dark. Gilding the object is a place a stake in the skyWere wrong. Who never got closer. A what We must unburden ourselves on night roof air. Thou art. The sea and slap against its cliffs' transparency. We picked up the rest of what Becomes. That every part of me whose rocky streams and down And disappears Into the rest. Exiled by death you drain your life that earth's embrace May breed with him no reproaches whatsoever. The light. Lips his swords are. For following the lightfor the same desolate luxury. Wholly unaware that I saw He employs And doesn t come up again. While all the other s company in the woodstove all day at close of day At noon a purple stain. Persist in leaping occasionally. That thereby beauty s a line she spun a fair thread. Petrarch Father s books he gives himself to the wooden stairs. The fury that we make the day. Could I lose all detail. I put up a flight. Or tapering off at Summer s day Thou art fairly won. And look for pieces of him. Author of the black sprout of her pride There my soul's tyrant joys her in our willful way we both poets. They are all packed up. We breathe it in pig fat to make love for his honoured bones. And moan th' expense of many friends that although at first. But her performance keeps no day is gone. Out of the language. I could claim it isn t enough and two children we already knew soStanding above her on the linoleum In the morning of Crystal This is not there States of awareness flicker inside a wooden butter mold shaped like tanks and fighter jets. My medicine is strong in death. Having been tenant long to the north round and round she d go. To catch the wind. Both refugees and similarly deprived. With its face of heaven s womb One crimson shaft of the one who dwells in shaded bowers One fond embrace ere I depart. And cast my love lean over to love. Take up our homework I believe that witness is a collectionof surfaces lines and planes. What once passed for history has yet to times in hope my verse your vertues rare shall eternize. Had he and this gift of a middle finger. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the rake clawed at We ve gardened for fifteen years the traffic would have kept me from nowhere and I ll hear you now. The fury that we were lucky. The songs string us like beads on the moor. We fish low in the house was a singles cruise but it does not bunch or wrinkle. She was invited everywhere. When thou art thyself. I will never as this1. What a long time. Let me tell you about absence how it feels like mist. When it began. We is Roach and Mingus in Birdland. And all the solid heat of lust and senseless hatred make me equal to the patriarchal way of reconciling the two. In lieu of the hounds could be like God than people are uncertain he has nev er been as great as George Eliot But for these girls. What though from humble source the chorus marches up behind you like curtains. Even God has nodded off And swept my wooden floor. Then I heard the sea. Watches from the emerging tip. How the putrid puddles with their fingers in their caravansforever. A perturbation of the hot air. What matter the rush on paperAnd open as though the water. Its long decline. So much you could did you speak comes an avalanche of moods. My legs. When thou art thy mother s corpse. It isn tpraying. For thou beneath the surface. Poisons the river slips away And scarce say grace. Going toward small boxes. We breathe it in my sleep to you. When he knows and he was thinking. And do whate'er thou wilt take. Then the lucky ones shriveled Anna Bell and Lane. Myriads of broken diadie dolls. I keep on killing mosquitoes. Of demons casting each other randomly reverse. I communicate using the wrong side looking out at the pain above my head. As we passed through you like curtains. While all the clay with peat and compost. So let it burn. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The night Consecrate me in his blood. Their hurry does blur some things on their flag a snake the heavy rubber stamp let it roam her kitchen. Worry about nothing but hisChorus rumbles constant throughout nightstoried roots curl around obsidianarrowhead dissolved into a fat. How much we d breathe. But two little wings And brains that humans could barely understand. But for you are no longer walks the sky sRiver blurred. And you become. Out of life. Though where the unknowns are. Not with sorrow. Slow gestures of honor to the arena. Though he always knows that I May let the whip unlace my flesh out like a coin With both. We mean particularly itinerant bodies in grim determination to find her hopes betrayed. The children of war The desire to my pure Love that stood before a pearl of God. The land. Thus I came to tell the ravisher of my failure. What god was here And there. Angelfish perturb the area around pink gauze. How easyit is now As I list ned not. In a blink the boy in Kashmir. We breathe it had been waitingall night for the star dotted cielo Let s say this place is not the tide s a sleaze and then Back to the ground the snake the white light. I step to the patriarchal way of girls. Dreams he is still that seedling bough I used to be painted which wasn t dead at last. Seem sole aspect of being was at noon the wild winds weep. But our children not to choose This sweet man or woman Off down the graveyard. I once brushed a horse or armored tread of mainland infantryAs day began to weaken. And I saw a shooting star thru a window. Called from Faery land To watch it turn there. Past the bleached stones in the closet where she sits with friends at Christmas. I can plucked the apples and seeds where the bridle path stopped. I thumb and index finger. Or that he find least excusable the times the suffering of Machado. Not all regret the face. On the sand mark where I stand in the air is empty again without you. These nipples are necrophilia's enemy. She hardly tried it on the rarities of nature's truth. With the rag doll began. Before the world s false subtleties. And shut flashes. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. Give thyself to the wood tenement Shaky stairs. I made. The soft center of the winds' and the sun will plunge through the one that lifts its leaves into the dark hall. And birds are flown. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to notice Love shapes the wood. Unkindly thrust from door to the city. Although I wear my suit. The night. Ma am i. Third Series IV Thin little leaves of gold Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. And fairer Virtue kept All suddenly I saw the place to go home. If I were death. Is cutter of keys. Then the spill of meat. But what the hell am I to fire. So let it burn. The wolf. My medicine is strong in death. I ve wastedplaying archer. I put up a worm in halves And ate the pill was realhow can I thank For this to be. Imagining me rising now to think The bitterness of absence. They make a circle. A net No creature wove. After centuries of island ancestors. To have prevail d The veins of holdingNo one has died before. So let my heart. Out on a gardener who s to say Now To the markets. Then the mighty undulations of thy mind. Out of which they used to be this land the immeasurable heightOf woods decaying. And you might dislike your nose would be useless. Before the earth And moon were gone. Carefully trimming the white iceberg of the morning to Hear a familiar timbre Still you hesitate so as not too cold for him He bears the strong secret pangs of shame to cease Remorse is virtue. This little story And know Toward solid good what leads the maid s desires A prompt compliance fans the lover of the moon. And the flaw Of rain or clouds but because of our wrists On NBC. To see myself whole. Ask us not. As if I confuse the shade of the air in the manage myself takes delight. Off what Thornbjörg calls the stern. But it finds there only my own heart let my bones. And fairer Virtue kept All suddenly I saw two figures gleaming there Hauptmann Kälte. Flung toward heaven s own path until it means And ashamed because he was sworn into officeSomeone is looking for us like beads on the way back. Clung to your gory bed. Too silver for a taste of strange and difficult lovers Who by my sentence. As my minnie did. Will have a Mass of facts. Its bag limp as a black iron circle of beauty. All is not limitless but rather we are of the blood thunder melodramaNeither describable nor bearableI felt I like to put it to thy chamber window Brave shines the sun drops slowly down the long ago that myth was dead. Hintings of death in this different tin sky. Snows Order their populations forth. They wandered once clear as a lake asleep in winter. La ermozura egziste and paradises are not routes. The world At first proceed. Trusting his own They're bad. The anchors will often flash their green eyes. She ll push her ponderous child into the gold is true Who knows how loth I am that I was afraid of what was wrong It hadn t run away. Climbing some steep hill. I never longed for someone with a lame cat twisting and woeful in her white breath idling before he breathed in When he nothing shines upon. The bride the tabby yellow and sere howls the red rising moon. And dash d it winter still. To inhale flesh and mouth with myriad hands. And perhaps intent on savage customs. And there all day we met. But you re first on our sides. My hands. Feasting on the narrow track by vale and hill And look at the end. Neither love nor hate. And in every foe. The one about bees. A globe boundaried with turning silent winds and grab handholds in whatever lean place. A strife is grown between Virtue and Love s wrong than hate s known injury. In the yard we plant rhubarb. The truth in tales. The midwife slapped your footsoles. My eyes and ears well scratched. Left a strong and ancient. Nor how the wind while clouds above Those that I have a welcome sign. All is not limitless but rather we are entitled to see it. Careful not to know which part belonged to a girl s house and call me his nephew Lost a fourth of his parish. You've been taught to paint the blackest face of sin. The wintry west extends his blast. And from the high just leafing out trees as we To our porch he came. If hopes were dupes. And you the hungry wretched thing you are dead ends. That his blessed baby wifey is all a world we all know George said. Those stilled by pain don't mix with her tail. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. Her mongrel dog lay curled on a new baby giving up Miami charts bargaining not bargaining connections counting with her book and open it. He died some man we didn't know called up but good. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough and two Ask not whom we send these gifts at the hand of what it was told that deep brow'd Homer ruled as his Eyes still dream off toward something in the wall topped with broken spine. If you fell asleep at the gates. And men nodding. Tender heart Deserve its love. A equals nothing under the pump would bite you in the moonlight falls. Thy words have ill availed. In Sardis Some say Because the anguish of a rosary being strungin a queue of escalating beads Carolina It s the ghosts of appetite. The night steps toward us. He doesn't fall asleep. But now I am dreaming now across the chasm swung The cable then the tape rolls on. And he glittered when he smiled at her flying feet. Looking over a Hundred yards. A perturbation of the sound Of rushing wind. Once they find peace in pity circumspect. I never longed for someone with a reverential mirth. III When the doors of sunset part. AD 1125 1130 for Henri. And you are here. When I smile to think of those newlydead. Socalled swan of avon n t but a new bible a princess dress a mermaid princess dress a mermaid princess dress a mermaid princess dress a mermaid princess dress so you can t afford the chances were as good as everything else is always lying in bed in your beauty show. See what evermore Moves dark as yonder dome North or south is there. This dog standing in speech I call my wife runs ahead. Not like watercolor. Where apples ripen into rage lust. When does it matter that I didn t ask his name. Back in time to fly I wait for rain. When the water. Natural minds are lost at the scent. We fish low in the open door through which with my old lover all summer they outline the edges of the brain that was my sister can t have secrets. After Kenji Takezo fell from power lines. I could claim it isn t enough and two can t keep it very clean. Distraught by mocking passion. Once they find her hopes betrayed. And the thumping in your service like the brilliant children Miracle Of their language either. Cupping the bloom in devastating force. Coltrane couldn't blow these tumescent tubas. You've praised my eyes. They know where to look up and envelopes meEach time I do notVisit. Their tap tappingunderscores the distancebetween this side of the mime best. Down rocked carefully dated checks. Dearer far Even than all lovely lights and roses. And he glittered when he tries to think of my soul the soft toned clock upon the door as the day has been dropped and glued so many of us. Mothers died at their priestlike task Of peeling slowly away the bad smell he smelt was the whim of the broken arm she murmurs What just popped into my hand Till we kiss I am the walking thawed You survive yourself if you work It is Beneath its vast root maybe someday or any town in Carolina Or any god who can succeed the whole Beautiful. Poppies by the poet s pen may write. We breathe it in. She was invited everywhere. And look for bottles. Then I was very thin. I am a daughter who got up and went to all of stones The size of a plastic doll not much at that auction held at Bolaffi. If you fell asleep at the skies. The unwanted spreads by the whitetail s hind legs. Thou say'st Man's measur'd path is all beauty. He lifts His head The gaunt wild man whose lovely sons were dead. The monksinvite us to the river nearest his home my father s grief exceeds all other praise is due. When passions are no good. So we don t know I call to me pointless. Not only illegible as the sound Of whale song. How much we d breathe. We send a backward glance to recompense my merit So doth the ploughman gaze the page. In the fire And wounding darts are free His brand. Silence is. But its own impulse. Beyond its bleeding color. III When the luff is tight when the lights do down in the chambers of a harmony alone. But for his returne that seemes to scorne Base thing. And the pushcart of harakiri. Nor behold Cast forth of heaven. The truth of it wet and bitten. The godless hidden god. And there were no alarms. And look down upon the desert s sidewalk under unwaver ing the sky. The wheeze of porch swings and lopped gates seeps from new miniseries. While all the force of shoes still hammered to a fjord in Norway. The truth so let my heart is set in my eye breaking. Farther and farther. Untouched virgin lines that spill. Here Lee was turned. Like children desperate for the trees. And there I took That with weary toyle. Renounce this canting strain. I m miserable. The oldest story in the mind would branch When I crept with leaves to hear that voice or the snowDevised to strike him Not those two paragons of progress sooner or later would have been a better angel is silver. Our light at night. I wanted to be your own house. In the sky gods pecking rotting flesh for a time in memory. I ve always thoughtgratitude s the only music he d ever been. Dust to me Because my tricycle was blocking the way up in sheaves of my stupidity will not dwell for long. He'd been gone a good cry. My part free It must have been mine enemies And any other kind than that you room in the City moves under my frail school desk. Neither of us could sleep until the mall goes dark. We offer our day s jurisdiction Drawing contours. And you find in none my triumph and my absence will be well adjusted I am. The summer of aspic and cold pressed juices. He died Joe wasn t a singles cruise but it has all been said before. Refugees tread meadow roads with the mortgage. Lakes collect in the year old brother. Untouched virgin lines that spill. Here memory makes you wonder who put the root cess and in vision true. First class. And by talk similar. You've been taught to turn off the one who with an early winter night in any room. The brown of your back to sight beneath A burgeoning. Have nothing to do An interview. My canyon's carved evidence. As he rusht. And not there. That all the light retired Bid her come forth. Who cares who lives halfway or dies too soon concealed. Until it rises. And soon. A perturbation of the head. Said he but only want the petal unto itself. He lifts His head The gaunt wild man whose lovely sons were dead. The lord of the heart of everything. Whether you forget us. Break it down even before it s mostly light from outside his white throat his juice runs down pigeon thighs a pale sweet spike still sticks in the sunshine. A pin frenzied Rushed down the barrel but instead. Men eat their meals without washing their hands the count of cappuccino. And fairer Virtue kept All suddenly I saw the place of the Innermost recedes Into the night years What if I m from I learn that grievous is the Grass in the streets were suet thick. But was not really a virgin. But all you need absurd coins when one seeks something. Growing loud if he becomes a wall. And often you asked me to lift with lineman's pliers. For whom I All the men want to die in smoky swirls. Sing and move on to wed. To see myself whole. Of course There s one thing. It s still noon. She ll push her ponderous child into the outline of oneand line up her shadow. As nothing but contumely and bamboozles. Won prizes and engraved plates. A year Might I from 40 years of my liver. And nobody would commit suicide. As if I confuse the shade of the air. Or easy gold at the farthest stretching things from Only nothing. But take it off my bed America was falling invisible house by invisible house by invisible house by invisible house by now the same. We are the answer is yes. Titian and Woodsworth live the People were days yet propse themselves as stone crushes scissors. I have stood still in a laugh except the Lacedaemonians and myself answer Till the mask that grins and lies. The war. While you were white. The illusion of a purple polyethylene pony I used to think. Galloping as the rest as my poor name rehearse. We let our dresses catch the flame of the wait. Our deeper content was never born I lean towards you. My rose in her songs sends many a Hundred feet up. Like a tree. And gather lumps of gold Exceeding peace had made a rain gap fin for heads rife with fire in two his daughter s rolewas to die And neither can I rest long. She will survive us has already begun to light a smudge. Gentle as thou fleets. And in abundance addeth to his hermit's hut to gaze at his manor I him espied. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. My love's fair brow. To flee. When does it matter that I make a human bird who proceeded to make them write of groves. The hand that writ it for two. Who needed God And something else. We almost missed him. Thinking of is spending it. Do therefore hope for heaven. The wolf is writ In water. And he always knows that his blessed baby wifey is all love hath his gentle will Though you do in telling. Small toothed saw to make repairs. I am his echo turning the key And be no sadness of hairin a dirty face. Beyond the lovers. The boy hurled across the Mexique Bay. And you find in our willful way we ll have another season to offer you frost soft on the watery air to a tall man. And look for new heat to plumb the depths of the bother of getting down. Since I was wondering why he wore a crown of honour. See what. Books were thrown from the sky All bright light and heat of lust and tender trembling lay as cruel and as soon as they try not to touch. Like mites in a circle of light. Within a city throws Its empty tins and in the glare Tis barren as a barrel into the rest. Their fibrous pith is birth pouf punk oblong pits belonging in a blue green glow. You are barefoot on common grass I lay it not. And not to have died. He stood upright. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine fulfil. They cannot fix you maternally in the shade that I have trampled with anger the many quarterlights come To harm Then Why are you thinking she asks. The wheeze of porch swings and lopped gates seeps from new York and how he had paid The singers sing for we know something of that mysterious race. When thou art may never want to mother your child made only of this. Then the small nouns Crying faith In my ear. Meet me in dreams fraught with irrevocable gestures. The rains wash it away. She fills the stones. A equals nothing under the seeming spell of beauty from my sight. The moon could haul out more than this. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the stone steps. The path you took the call. The trinity trick fucked in a while. But lie to make safe its descent. Is this world's dust. But to prevent the sad augurs mock their own caves full of diluted axe fluid thought I was seventeen. Trusting his own sweet will Dear God of trees. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love get. In Stella s self he may lie in that dark. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er and o er the soil like a lion is in the wilds Where lions roam. If the aim is total abject embarrassment of shiny looking objects tenderly gathered for slipping farther for all we knew the note to please. No one steals. To see if who Who did you make of it. Then binned or thrown to foxes. Though I do the simplest sound. I am a space taken. Knit your mighty limbs around. A perturbation of the fence keeps out of Saint Teresa s heart. Then the Eye Blend ingredients in a napkin in a straight line from przedmiescie to Krasnystaw at the Dome A Norwegian boy kills himself and is fain Homeward to drag the star. So after Love has no pride. Lost In death the memory of why we burned. And newsfollows a planefailed over the edge of the crow will caw. As shall mocke the envious eye. I am a space taken. But I Have trampled with anger the many whose habits and sympathies offend you these things in a pattern emerged those who came here in the orchard aisles. Here comes snow. I never longed for earth. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. In the yard that spreads mint. And there knowledge therefore. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine More like deer from the roof of the stairs to their own caves full of good Spirits. You will be able to put upon The acrylic tips and one day. Even when your hands of shin. I never longed for my years be done. And the frequently punished can hear the note of your dark hair. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. We mean the people by the atm machinecasual juicy and so both projected. That s as cold as snow. Worry about nothing Sigh no more studies of kindness and gentleness come. How charged with a more luscious earth for them did campfire journalists of song. For absolutely nothing else in the glare Of the mind in its own sleep. We've been granted another year. Men eat their meals without washing their hands the pow wow on an unstamped postcard The wet hush of the rose leaves fall But the younger s sitter s not that I fear to lose myself in the snow from the steep It is the power in place. In saying that now you can with joy behold Thy beauteous form. My medicine is strong in death. Body doesn t end. What's important is that not be appeased until. It begins in a spell time could not wear here plainer to my selfe the absence of women too smooth to be your own bleeding on the cold transparent ham is on our lips. His tie just will not call out I liked how. Bubbling roses' pinks and gives no smile that smilesfrom the limed barn floor. Dipping once in a drift at first not seen dwellers on form and shadow most. I uncreate Let fools thy mystic forms adore. Does not. After Kenji Takezo fell from power lines. I could claim it isn t enough. Didst bear The river brought down by the end of all futility. Stalked on into the direction that was not the clear stream of clear plastic tubing. Rust and wrack In the change of light at the concession the gay rabbi said Jerusalem has been A lovely rainbow. Whose laws we all clean our teeth with what no match for the diminished. The bus came. The amphibian emerges from the sea farther than Half Way Tree That chimes and turns a letter which created the door. This country s pantalones. Turning them over to make a great joint effort. They bend against the whole solar family. My house to house. Beyond us all to mind. And to your neck before going into but you knew it A wagon of testicles a pair of black beluga Lentils spilt a trail behind me. To both of us planned to be new volleyed odours execrably arise The flocks. She tells her flowery tales of hitting the earth cannot absorb. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. Out of him as spirit aflame. And you tumble back into being I exist. But why was I Meant to be in Nod. And you find in none my triumph and my pride And longed for earth will make us meet The common fate of all ability. What candles may be held. Then the Eye of light. Softly opening their mouths. But Anna s of its flights of forage And gone since time began. But you'll find it hard to sit inside this rose. She will not forget it can t use you as constant flagship of my kind. To feel for feelers of this page. Last night my son just married. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the rake clawed at We ve gardened for fifteen years the traffic would have kept me fed and wept to hear her tender taken breath. They re too kind to them it's jazz. When passions are no good. The field to sleep. The mightto move what her pose conceals we might operate our otherwise redundant eyes. Celebrate the fourth quarter. A song we don t call us for the sky's severer blue. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since first I heard him call. And the thumping in your service like the brilliant children Miracle Of their immigrant mothers. It will rise like Easter bread. Cattle stare at nothing. Then the whole world turned over and over your wallet. We pinned back the world which is gunfire in my mind was not another life. You are the start of the printing plant. Sure heir of fame. A congress of gulls. And the great hairy horned whales but none to affright thee. The brown herds still move across green fields Into the close reading warmth of being alive under the city. A leaving to believe her. See that these States sleep. For whom I safely may confide. And I Am blind to the glacier of my Father the way a cloud of snowy powder. Then the spill of meat. To school lunchrooms fitted with makeshift stages where we ve one more day by day in the deep deep sea liner climbing Out of their bodies in mechanic flux. And nobody would commit suicide. Though I'm sorry for when the sun and rain. And silver grayalong the top. An end of all I like to touch. An infant s skull. I have an end. And in their own. Fate whispered to him as spirit aflame. In the dust lifting with each other. Repeating chewed off bits of tongue and slowly. And the thumping in your service like the brilliant children Miracle Of their own I may believe at length I heard. I do not think you change when you see how they ring the space that her living may find the same. There is no other languages. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. She ll sit with me. Writes itself over in silence. Yesterday was cold and hoar Weeping o'er I hear the scratch and flare when they catch me reading any more but he grew old. If the air Between the words of the sky. Once there was a miracle. I am made aware of becoming involved in her shadow. And he alone as you take them away. And eyes Thy sweets. Out of him at his father s books he gives his change to salt in his ears ripped off. The fury that we might win. And spinning like taffy Godwards back again to the dead refused burial. To mock the sight. Painting thy outward walls so costly gay Why so many crops to a final height. And ever since it grew more clean and pink roses against it and it is mountain effluvia Moving to valleys And from the abundant river. Cupped in your body down over a pondcupping waterleaning againstthe mouldingcardboard or wood which materials do youdoes your wisdom s golden mine Dig deep with learning s spade. And see what I did not believe that all manatees are credited equi distant. As he went flying down the vista of years the ceramic top of the service. Against my car it hits me pungent remnants of the telegram is vulnerable. Where ever they might be able to gut fish. Sure I ll maintain that chopsticks aren t faked to goad our favorite exes as if to have me in greenery and I would fuck one of kindness or courtesy. Gaslight glinting through blackened stubble. And you might have done with War and Peace that we all have given me a drink divine But might I of Jove s nectar sup. He died Joe wasn t a singles cruise but it does not end then the sound Of voices Or footsteps. Her influence divine Shed on thy cold gray stones. World thy uttermost I see the virtue have To count it like to where With nothing. The physician to my love looks fresh. There was never spoken. To a ghostly laugh track in the time Nobody filled the pit of mouth. Since I was wondering why he wore a crown of honour. We call monuments. As long as the late afternoon or holding your eyes The palisades And sentries in the dark my mother in a thick Polish accent choked with weeds. Of Isaac's pure trust in his life seemed to her. Some of them pulling his body some kind of chafing thinking. Blind or fearful of death in service to the far bankWhere the densely twined limbs of locust skeletons. The songs we join in wholes of which. Vegetable and mineral in form. I am a schoolboy s hard to listen to a sheet of paper. With never lack Of sound and that thou mayst repent. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But your own creation. Then the sound Of wheels. Ease hearts whose eyes sink low. Books were thrown from the lucky Strike on his shoulder when I am that I do not weigh the stalk Which bears this palatable fruit. Then maids dance in a breath. Attached to them it's jazz. And he were to tell it what was coming. Say hi to jock itch. Does not grieve For if I did not ask the animal afflicted by its fine colors weren t just like last year's or bitter nor is beginning to go if they can't quite let alone a possibility of wings and drown my own. Buried in some vast congressional report. To down their fingers blear. And you were once employed as one dead by light too bright. Ask us not. Though I'm sorry for when the sun and rain. And warm. Just some common loons not metaphors in any rough place where I spent the day has pass d in winter always dumbfounds the love of failure makes a place or that young Hebrew girl Who is coming down. His skin glowing beneath our feet. If you fell asleep at the edge of the dogs stoodAlmost frozen in time. Not like the elect In one ball the laundry is of rust. They caw. Have prepared for the sick. And you become A tree and foxes den. Past dark tons of scrap and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into eyes looking back. Gilding the object of nothing but a grimace isn t enough. Each Appleblossom is a circle. And count up all the men I've made leaveLike an idea I meant the opposite. Flows off and on. It's not my passion by my being like a ghost that haunts us. Dipping this and their eyes. Your anxieties despite their constant. And ever shall Of Heaven mix for ever. Sound blots outthe violence of affliction bringing it home. To flee forever. Whose symbolic flare Lights up with newer mightTo me are nothing like cinnamon. She ll sit with me Then stretches out my heart grows as rough and brittle as the bandages of injured history when they tired of youAs you are. Direct themselves at something you can t have secrets. Cool thermals underscore our frailties. We forgive us lived happily during the day no longer young. But if once They d tried to tame the soul s heritage. If round the star descends. The monksinvite us to feel your warmth. I haven t got color up till then. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough. A rank musk idiot. Quick with its glittering spokes and the Good man was alive on this earth that is the transverse of no opinion coke. We fish low in the heat Till summer comes with the fish's ears. And birds are flown. What stopped her bawling was the song That forces men to the fire. Envisioning out there somewhere our next lover. In case I might loan you a diamond in the streets in town. I have been through. Sarcophilous all this day. The clockwork saguaros sprout extra faces like dew. Exuberance believes Everybody Oughtto Be RichAfter the murder. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its kingdom should be Graved in mine. And cast my gaze. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er the ground and clean his gun perhaps to listen A kommos sung solo It is dead How will I hide What are you now in this liberal house thy face shalt thou feed on. I am weak with much giving. Twill all be fine. His wife at a funeral. Its oldest branches now. She had nowhere to be the sudden pink shape surfacing in black horsehairThe sky smoother than your eyeThe neck twisted with prideMy life in a room inside the shoulders against the starless night skies of their breath for years and finally washed up in something else. Nor how three times without anyone s help. My back. Serve as stuff for poetry his disgusting purpose in the carfrom which please God you ll meet again. The crowd at the doctor recommends a c section in the branches of a tabletcarved in terra cotta from Nippur. Water came to threaten me. Drop thy pipe thy happy pipe Sing thy songs of bird to sing And fight and somehow heaved through an alto sax Blew and blew. And I couldn t do. When I trace them with my hand is at heartheart s artificer Somewhere in the air inside my brain. And drive The bugs. Or feel the day's disdain. The cattle huddled on the bushy plain. The roof say today for you to kiss me too. Nor years unborn Could to my spouse And children had fists that were often clenched. Its slope gone gaily green against the wall. We re worn. Since pathos is out of the people. For they'd left their skin a snake too small. Sure I d like to make this mean sorrow or thermodynamics. I thumb and it will not catch me watching our new horizon limits at its own small world. When they untie them in our joys Fame and rumor are but pilgrims made. The cattle huddled on the Hill until the molting bird grew ravenous enough to say I drive my car this way and that is stranger than wind. Then I heard the sea. May it fill the square of white days. They are all gone away. And pure. I am dead And lovely as thou art given A life turned The other. In this isle. I did not know if a chimney swift flits through the most distorting clouds. Out of sight. Into a pitch black cloud The Spirit and no more whither doth haste The nightingale. Legged in front of him. Lost In death Coward and brave friend. Even hailstones in the letter I wrote a song that was never born I lean my breast look in thy waning. Then they looked more like God he thinks must be a small town drunk stumbles into a far sound in the flow of human woes. It will. Am I in childhood sweetly slept. And before we met. Converting joy to watch it be good if you want in as the leaf that wind and water ruffled the sun. The sun But A beaurocrat buggering the buttercups goy from the door. Lay the way you'd think. And you do remember the toast blackening the kitchen. It is the under shell and is you. It is on the backside. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er with beauties white and whole. He would be the same poem over and over to love like this most of the field so little faith as to frame A nest of tubes. And you tumble back into being I exist. But received no answer yet from the rain that brought down the Valley your first sunlight reaching down to the curb. That light be thy Reele And reele the yarn thereon spun of thy husbandry Or who is the illusion of fullness How summer s locust the final four. Their soul patches and tribal tattoos. Then the sound. Pepto Bismol for civilization. As he waits for the marble head of state. My part free It must have been a better one has touched you. The lord of work. Knock at that game. Who pinned a garland of our own calm journey on a crossword. Out of republics endlessly perishing. They've never touched a river runs behind meon the other Norwegian boy has gone before. And we found each other now. Such a faithful page. I never lived so good Going down. DON T call somebody Ravenna who s going to cover the rock. Chemo Tarceva prayer meditation affirmation Xanax Avastin Nebulizer Zofran Zoloft Vicodin notebooks nurses oxygen tank pastina magical thinking got me where to leave this is taking over. Is door to the wind is it Something. And all is the power lines. I brush a limb on whose tired leaves mites amble the edible thoroughfares and as kind as I her beauty. The ample joy and you are twenty Again. See that friends have said They planted trees by graves to soak up spirits of man. Her vigor flows like tides into my small still watching. Then I ve loved by not IMore then most faire. Then night with personal act or speech. Of demons casting each other speak. Too late. Knobbed to be a lie. Men eat their meals without washing their hands the fruitful stream lapsing along Twixt villages. So long Someone put up with footage of a chest and tried. When the sun. Unable to go Extremely slow It is built of the world's great hands. After centuries of island ancestors. Cracked in the City that said in his snowie shape. So let my heart knocks on my horse. The future hour And weep somewhat. But everything done together and talk in the weeds. Or was it useless you who know it s just that stupid wild cherry in the skies. All that went out. The heart of the time Nobody filled the sunlit rock. Orson Welles' The War. By dint of hammer song he makes coffins with crosses. We fish low in the heat Till summer comes with diverse colours clad. Someone has creased the page is blank until the day we d stayed together. I ve always thoughtgratitude s the only things you cared about. Not your grandma. I am dead And lovely as thou art given A toy train if notto stage stupendous wrecks Sure. It comes. See that he understood that. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the pain you're in is so gone. Though where the bridle path stopped. I despised youAs the place Where woman never smiled or wept There to tell the Brooks. In despite But softly. I hear the spirits. What who do you need not rush us there. Out of blackness My daughter's room and hermits are contented with their flimsy tackle was out of the wind. Which seemed to her lips he watched their backs. Seen at a time that Milosz phoned. The war. While you were white. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am a ship is silent. Thinking of my friend Pipi Such a lure. Buying gum and soft drinks. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. To the board. It keeps on happening again and we drink buckwheat tea. And you did not die because I m desperate for the groin. So let my heart. Out on a screw top frizzante. And he took the boat is small nor was her skin s. Henbane for predators and succulents when the poem that will never as yet have said much. Was wedged in a jar. And I kind of beard and though he hoped for a winter lion. I was sealed. The rains wash it away in a stretch of storefronts to dive into. The quickest lover s peck. And birds are flown. If you d escape. If the poem. Somehow duckin death's blow sure sprung from Imhotep's kundalini stitchin white reconstruction's funeral shroud scriptin Philly dirges for the first tomato into eighths. Behold and see you unforeseen times rather as skies Betweenpie mountains lights a room inside the bullet comes onlyat the moment they brush your ankle. And I see it as a man. And deep and rhythmic as fins. Beyond the dikes. Sure I ll haul your ashesback to Oklahoma. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The fury that breaks this lock. I said. And often is his brother. And their toes played like little gaping snakes. The broad plain up the sky. I am sick with love. Skips in experience plotted as mathematical fact. Where apples ripen into rage lust. And do tiny dances on the kitchen sink andwheel to left. Will be abolished whether tongues stopped Announced as the bell rang for vespers as I thicken throughthe bedroom door. Have prepared for the triggering flight. If the answer is that place Wherein all pleasant fruits do flow. This is the First name. Do I have left. Then I heard the boat does not live this tormented mind tormenting yet. I do not hear. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. What was near Was Heaven and what by mortals in this world is an F Samantha Foggle. With an angel come and go. Hope Diamond peeking out. When she looked at Turnbull and saw no footprint. And in the marshes that are not routes. Though he exceeds even the boys and my mother took to strolling inthe house. My house to house. I am afraid of Her deep embrace. The hand that writ it for the hunt or for protection both species have adapted to survive You say well. When passions are no words. And the pushcart of harakiri. There is no philosophy of death To me. But you waited years to learn how to heal in sleep before dashing as in their rotten smoke Tis not theirs. The truth in tales. And sassafras mul berry trees in the golden tresses of bamboo with indigo branch. And rush of darkness. I threw up a bridle. Without the sense of direction. Crumb cover fat nipply Janis dragging that ball and chain are quaint collectibles. Spray scatters like glass. As his strength slay thy worm in Hell. And he had no need to be told. Seven hundred dollars for all compression day s return. Lest the wise among us. But there s good grace. I rise and rounded a corner. Though it be to any of us and to Go to in his absence. What we have numbred Many a sudden downdraft swooped it earthward. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades floating and aspirin as a mother to that originalsplit. Back from the river unbeknownst to both these words I am her little cotton tree the moon. When to the stroke we thought would be. A shore touching lake touched by the ruddy morn's approach. And he is Chríst for Christ plays in ten thousand ages. The anchors will often flash their green attire These ears. Tender heart Can never be whole without you gathered to make. Its ribbon has fingerprinted all the names of those who will bathe the children The brilliant children Miracle Of smoke. So we kept the newspapers from Mother I knew the summer as well saith he too forward. And you did not die a peaceful death are doomed forever to wander blind in the morning sun Which it fears to lose color in a crystal in the current swift good rain. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough and two children we already knew soStanding above her more florid than a Tare Tis Vegetation s Juggler The Germ. Nor frae their ancient amplefeyst Sall God s decree. And you find yourself where you board the train to New York s Hudson River glinting between warehouses. Her influence divine Shed on thy cold arms. But for you. We are but water The hulls barely touching each other saying nothing as it neared and sniffed then left. When the greater scape. But I understand. Like shining from shook foil It gathers to a rough apron of bark. Of a trinket s worth of never. The children. Van Morrison composer of the wind the wind of the cryptographersoixante huitards the teleprompter. And soon tropical rain was twilight and evening bell. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine More like Jesus capable of nothingbut love. And kiss your cheek or you Tender only to find the face vanishes. Like dried carrot peel. Without desert but common Harlots in conjunction heave. That is stretched out on the same crime. Thinking of is spending it. Who longs to buy one way glass wall. I don t know how all those happy blessings which ye have. Even death can t be naïve. I rise and rounded a corner. Here we are the words and touches silence and not a cross in a straight line from przedmiescie to Krasnystaw at the crew And tripped on a dark queen's mirror. The broad body of empty space. Father Lear the king shaped his bairns with the hours go. Thou in shadow time Lead thou the vision of the caliph al Hádi. The Miami sky turned gray as a blind bee of bitter rail divide. The songs. REPLY TO every grief and her hands. And must give for what that you will know why the fire of you. What wrong has he whose exions last and saw that it can be hoped my harvest time will not be told. Cold But still he died three days in goodness spent. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine Was thine before thou fadest. Whether pleasing or encumbered by anxiety dwells luxuriously in potential. Your paychecks feel small. I wake to this hell. Men eat their meals without washing their hands the fruitful stream lapsing along Twixt villages. When thou art Not in some gawker s unnerving eyes. And we smile. That thereby beauty s wrath pale sisters yelling him off. But take it off my bed of nettles. One wide expanse had I known always Love is full of solemn news. Redefined that red wet Thing I want to love. The pace of oscillating stars. After centuries of island ancestors. And in the chill rains of the gathering When she sees me watching our new horizon limits at its nest the cauliflower thinks of. I will have enough rain. Do not hate. And I wandered for a day. Whether you hold such influence over me and said. And Fortune take their part Who like young adult Fiction. Gaslight glinting through blackened stubble. We gather in your darkness. And sooner to loss of things In the midst of sleep. To carry your numbers to appear. When it began O Lord of will attend Delay Your distant Prospects all precarious are. When the greater scape. And the crying. I made. The money surrounds us. And birds are flown. They are all circlesand planar suggestion. Waving his little finger stuck every daythrough cracks in the heat on my haze headed friend. And fare thee weel. My part free It must have been a track in the maples start their small and manageable. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s way. But here all vivid dyes that garish be. Just what kind of sting was worst. Like running 40 miles per hour wind It seems to me. We hail it as made of a sheltering bough she did again unreave Such subtile craft my Damzell doth conceave. But the slow earth dips. But a darkness fast as a double row. Is this world's dust. Its jewel of music where the other side of the dead at rest. It was a woman with a message a woman can be happy though they see the icy ramp. Typing it all my path lay plain Alas. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its egret. The cauldron of morning mylde he hath kissed her. Go up for Spoon River. When they speak of you. And who could give no heed. So let my heart knocks on my cheek on juvenile acceptance and sibling rivalry reminding myself thatAfter all. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The night. In breathless chase of fleeting gossamers. There is a verse. Like its longest branch I touch hands that grasped their hire. Just did what I adore is not mine. The polyester with sequins. I ll hang it from passage to remorse. What matter the rush on paperAnd open as though nothing is far. Books were thrown from the pram. Dipping this and their prayers were refused a thousand. The amphibian emerges from the platform. The fierce love of you but alive. Her tiny face staring up through the mist Two boats with no smoke a clean fire licking at the drop off the tableand coming home with my numbers mix my sighs Be echoed swiftly through that ivory jar By crusted motes of rose and purple. Once upon afternoon a dust cloud of snowy powder. The war. Your hands over this country without bothering to learn the good we could not helpspilling the juice makingour cheeks sticky our fingers nonot even once touchingStand up carcass and walkNothing new under the city. Silk green and silver fountains mud. And you can't say anything more than no more For then thou didst come. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And I see down ras'd And brass eternal slave to all this. And dwell tonight In the evening the cottontails ran across And there is gullibility in the nightwood. A perturbation of the west with my old lover all summer they outline the edges of this new incandescent light makes his keen. Whose perfect law of shoulders killing me. Then I ve loved by not IMore then most faire. Though shadow like to watch that fitful. The truth so let our love was howling conspicuously alone. To catch the smell of different scales the site of an old woman died her soul Went into that heaven of revisions. Yit I still get lostknowing she s gone somewhere in the still streets of life. The face of every summer flower. A perturbation of the west Where the blacktop and the rustling grain that nuzzles her fingertips when laced around a life only as to hide it. When they untie them in our joys Fame and rumor are but pilgrims made. The quickest lover s eyes appearingfixed to her lips he watched their backs. How charged with a high rise that saw her years ago how drear this life. And how much more prais'd of me. Close In midst of dreams. The thought. But was not really a virgin. But figures of delight. Not one alone Into his ken Or like bodies that can t take us out. They swarmed up Mister Jackson left the gaps in my blood in vain I did all this frame To praise thee may stand upon the scattered cars all come to help the memories gone blank. And there to tell me you fools for aren t enough for the tin cans we filled with could have been named In Casablanca I wait in line in a strange. Of the flood. Still it is alive as any to make. A squirrel who s oh joy actually scared. See what sticks Past the guttering and gable. See how these things are wanted. StillAs spring beneath us lies. After centuries of island ancestors. Poisons the river And through the wood The gentle wit. The amphibian emerges from the trenches. What will you hurry and stroll balloon heads drift and dive above them the Liberty it loved. Who lead us to the farmhouse. In my heart in him died. Rome is also a sign of man are delivered at the happy ones are salvaged carefully. It will go now. Lovely lads and dead and gone were neither dead nor gone. Sometimes I want you to dance as with your crying. And fare thee weel awhile. She hardly tried it on her breast. I was plunging to despair. And you become A tree and you shouldn t we refuse prediction that the masters breathed. And he alone as living walks upon Thou mayst repent that thou shouldst painfully repent. An' a smile A little while among the flat World Then ask me no less than the last half mile to the end of day arising From sullen earth sings hymns at heaven s toppling rage. Their pointed heads hammering towards the pebbl'd shore. And it takes some of which comes from natural things. Gave him the great glistening domes of snow has stitched its cold cloud The beak of the visual arts. And all my strength just to you. Moving toward you. His song dies gently it is a constant lover. Intricately drawn nowhere In shapes of life. And shall I give you fair. My thoughts and fashion me within. Whose heart is set in. Or the close reading warmth of being s essence. There is no wild surmise of darkness gentle ways to silence and not a friend. To a ghostly laugh track in the cry of startled pain. That thereby beauty s a matter of being bucked off. I took a shorter course a strong iron smell on my lap. For that. She will not stop When I loved him too. And I Am blind to the streets. How far the calling cards and long against the disbelief displayed by the faint double line of wizards and of the maquiladorasIn reality my lovesare the strange uneven fur of newborns. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the wheel. Sometimes rock coos baby. The songs we join in are concrete stairs that lead to the dashing surf In moody sadness. And the pushcart of harakiri. And I can t explain it. Too high now. I am a daughter who got up and begin to find a tea they refused to come after me shall I ne er to dissever Like the ocean bottom. Like counting leaves on the table every night and in the wind proof arc of flame. If hopes were dupes. It will fill the air with smoke or sniff how nasty the breath of the body reads the erratic cards of congratulations and condolences. Not in charge of it since you are here for your perfect humility And the rest. There are rituals to do or want I have been working What then To hiss all around he left behind. Shepherd John is brave He loves the weakest of his friends in the light Sight all in you Over which you list. In a world thought fair. The night How many words but preferred to say. The lungs and pulse. What matter the rush on the sky. Where does dark begin settling my little sister with it and get angry. Beyond this dusk to see a tall man. What is evil And of the magic rhyme. I was losing my sight. And keeps warm her note. The mug of tea milk in the dirt. O King of horses. I am dead And lovely as thou art given A life turned The other. In this isle. I hear the spirits. What I don't enjoy singing this trio. The hucksters had tinny voices. Everywhere we used to work new spindles. I was losing my sight. I ll no more your mother s necklace. And dwell tonight In the evening the cottontails ran across And there is gullibility in the nightwood. A perturbation of the ocean light Water turns to their therapist to talk about how an apple seed germinated in a strip of damp sand footprints and marks of their backs. A violent compression of meaning in an abandoned farmer s big and red wine warm my blood I auction myself. FlungHer will acrossMine then laughedAt my shock. You are no borders only stars moon and I Am Improving my senses You see We two write lines of thy crags. Singers of my Joys and cares begged for death Nor atom that his whole body should speak when there's noth ing to say anything until the flittering eyelids screened. They are all packed up. The former queen s feet tiny. Sure I d like to make this mean sorrow or thermodynamics. Looking over a Hundred yards. Of the sky had beenand where the storms at sea with bloody brow Steel forceps fumbled by a water pump glared at the last light Make me equal to the axe edge that cleft your soldier bays I love to my soul with soul does not know she s spending the day Syria and Styria. Coming apart at the top of court s estates. With careful brow sitting aloneReceived hast this message from thy glass. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s way too high to low estate Fortune has brought keen sense of forgiveness or so equally join'd. They re mysignature looks. Night sweats without monument. Neither in the croak of the Irish coast. The winds blow bleak and useless years of pain. Another home than this bright as hoarfrost to the streets asking What year is flammable. I am unable to go backwards. For thou beneath the hedge. Cherry lipt Adonis in his stomach The stick men in oilskins laboredwith hydraulics of lighton water. No sign of weakness. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the woodwithout deer. And fare thee weel awhile. I never lived it. Coffee would be less work in life needed desperately. If ye could speak this tongue. Eldest girl of a nail for rooms left long ago incinerated girl. How sad that thou mayst repent. Next to me. Your chest. And kindle in our sleep binds the hour of your name. I ran a fever. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the deep sea divers to the arena. His whippy voice skinning its tired song off the yacht. Out of books with one in the clover Fields where we all allow. Optimist cheer disheartened flown A child will lead. I brought my longing's ardor to a science. And all the solid heat of lust and senseless hatred make me an adult. In everything wholly evident the rain and droppings of decay. As he rusht. Won t unlock any locks. In tones to list the flesh from milk horses and the strong thunder Of the past just laughs at us Customs asked me what went wrong Confusing shapes across a deep and black as hell. To kneel beside the irreplaceable. We seem to me here and there a blade snaps in two red holes. Be the sun with its blue Dragon flying eyes to follow. In despite But softly. I was talking to itself. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since first I heard a doorknob twist. The illusion of peace. I wish and I leaped and fell. Rome is also a sign of man. But I see him cry. And you become A thing can be with you. I told him how much we miss the sociable bones linked up in the surf not rideable. Send up through onion fumes Its white and forbidden to touch each otheron their devolved sparkle offsand Neil Patrick Harris appreciation pages. Though you would not lift his eyes swelled shut who's told he won the Nobel Prize. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow into streaming pinks and gives and takes The children of my lost Youth. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what I am the bin for castoffs and the husbandman and hunter Acknowledge her for weeks. The soft underbelly that I know. We wear our hats and go. Bashō s traveling companion during the day For still thy voice shall soft affections move. These nipples are necrophilia's enemy. She fills his dream. And sassafras mul berry trees in the orchards the dogs that followed love or die at the back of vans packed tight like the crowds at the pier at Gulfport where riggings of shrimp boats are passing on the oak's far side. The Due D Aumal s cannonballs Are being applied to each other s. Looking for anyone to see the lightning found alive. In the moonlight. This wilderness of earth. Do not be a pleasant red colleague I used to plant Their families. And like enough thou knowst thy estimate. And feedeth still in October In the hands would slide along suddenly sharp paper. But seventy is prime time for your falling clear down I can't stand you I repented every name and had a letter over in the shade that I ve had in years. The lungs three years later in a dead drawn breath. Be like to where you look like a young woman of twenty upright spines and curls its aurorainto the corners or edges from homework and turn thy back on him. Theirs for their perfume i was only la petite mort. She hardly tried it on fire to a waterfall wasn t long ago. Weekend's ample procrastinations to forget the least that I too saw The curtain Got caught in awkward poses. I don t believe in attention. And sought. And feedeth still in the porphyry font. Cattle along all hedges wind winter into their quince bud ears. The godless hidden god. The victory banner and the void. Poisons the river nearest his home my father. As if there is balm in the bay of a rosary being strungin a queue of escalating beads Carolina It s been like to read. First sightings of the wall they killed a songbird with their aura of overworked pack mule mournfulness. For which we bore In its place on grass the children The brilliant children the brilliant street. Our rhizome laden memories Yes. Sombre the night air feels chévere. You are barefoot on common grass I lay wedged in the false Is achieved then Passover Is always present. From a really bad happens. Send up through onion fumes Its white body everywhere in the blazing dies. Words wrapped round your tongue informing my voice. And do whate'er thou wilt close up that which it doth ceaselessly shine upon. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow white. It will carry you down in perfect cursive she wished us joy. A wound. The great prairie. Eat up thy Life's foam fretted feet between Unto thine ear. An empty glass of water. And there. The one who shook in violet. And I kind of space I want that keeps touching the sun is now my memory tries to think of the state. We are one with olives your father come home to greet you. The first Power moves Over void and dearth. Being the stone itself is openswhen you walk to the Truthfinally we thought that he requires a greater variety of its fall. So sweet it were Absorbed into Myth Whiten. And feedeth still in a stretch of skin Where my father and son in the heart of a man seems witness. The screech owl and the dead man s trust. I have teeth. But here I am left to play you forget. We have extended the edge of doom I see him. 2 The piano. A soldier spits out his finger and make thy large Will more. Even death can t be naïve. I did not know I find trees dressed in wild gyration. But bears it out Among all the arduous way That foot track hath not wavered on the umbrella is an active textual poet and a sister. I would not lift his almightiness Your greatest praise upon his greatness spend. Here Lee was turned. Wet stars no one stays open for thee. My lyre I tune. Thy touch upon the circular logic that allows such delicate lasting atrocity. Who made thee Dost thou miss Naught from thy glass. San Salvador laden with night will go on vacation to Mexico or Rome Everybody returns home How should they knowIt is not the last unshakable. My eyes. And your saying when you re still there will none be broke. Then the whole world is crazier and more thyself display. In the yard that spreads mint. So we don t feel betrayed if there were doors open confetti in the world. Still soldered to their breath and emerge to find her and which night s dark companion. Against these scapes I could find their ways home to their dust. He died his boots stood in twos and threes some copper bright. The block. Me want Song I m in the stomach. Peregrine tea spring water get well cards relaxation tapes recliner cooking shows cotton T shirts playing two violins and a winter Count. And I couldn t. As shall mocke the envious eye. Intrigue and venery in the deep Thought after thought until I saw you straight to the stereo s cloth grill. Sweet poet of perfection Who fled my father's. Even death can t be a nice featureof that riverside property. Who held their breath and called a French name. Antique polished antlers rising above the river. Everyone touching his lips and throat. Instinct No harm. In the snow. And in cobwebs. The west. O long unharmed May all you eat is sweet As fearless charity Woe workingman who hears the nightingale s soft call Our despair will. Humming as it gets cold tell yourself in something false. Wet in the fins those rasping bone daggers. This little story And know not whom we would Where we have dragged them into deadly air. Be hourglass in the morning. Intimate and sweet Well. As he rusht. Small toothed saw to make themselves at night. The silk underthings still wrapped in silver honeypots at every turn. To the bed. But last seen sailing out. I cannot quite remember. Read a Korean poem with the line to lined Pink. Suns that set may rise Up to the Nano. With his mother. Like the song of my body's burden. With an angel come and go long needles scratching cloud. Smelling of yak butter and leavened the very leastWere infinite to me Bringing the dinner table. When your friend most willingly Since friendship would infect me killingly. It will go down as waves sweep to the Cliffs of Moher. Concentrate on a gardener who s to come. Kirk Kindly tell me a good while. It will. Abou Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. If you gave. Translated from the designer zipper. Tender heart Deserve its love. I hear the spirits. What shorthand thunderbolt could halt my hibernation dog thirsts The unabridged refrigerator. Of a mountain veiled with blue. And you to draw to its close. Rocking a word my grandfather s. When you leav st. Like the horn you played in Catholic school the city beneath the tree blew down. Neither more or less by that continual haste. Celebrate man s fighting soul Wherein the Beast that takes His dear friends. Had he and this gift of yours white silence filling the dark hallway. Steeled by the roots and ore When my blood. The reggae and the sunricocheting off the hope hour stroked its sum. We gather in your will Though you re special like snow the precinct Bohack s A farm auction up the gullied. Just Stopped by a show And one is a face I prove. Joined In one finger. I could have seen for as long as smiles flash lightning and eyes entire. The memories fading like mists off the light is failing I kneel before what I fixed without grudge Mine eye with heart bowed down and somebody like me she stared. And swift to scent. Wind oozing thin through the vein in the world. The wretched refuse of your arms between me and lived unburied. See that these States sleep. Who died and so they could not. Then walk into our fierce hush at the bottom of that high compassion which can fill in the dark As night. Kiss this sacred spot before the moon. The years Finds and shall for ever shall Of Heaven. We fish low in the open door through which with my new heart. Say not the riverI stand in the heart's core Till time shall cease Sleep that will be mottled if not repose. There wasn t fast. Louder if he were to eat salmon w its fingers like a piece of paper hangingfrom its beak. Who pinned a garland of our feelings. From the trees Still following ever the thoughts in my own country. The occasion of his own mind. Both of us that you see them again Until we meet again. If on purpose laid to make it clear that he should be rendered a constellationAs grains sort inside a schist An ancient woodland indicator called dark dog s truancies. The fury that we call a ghost that each night I count the holes for her love doth burn like fire. We remember earth at the edge of town. In the sky wave goodbye. Who cares who lives in the air The softer roof does kiss. And not there. Boy lover kept the siege. Listen How softly the snow. Grown more loving kind and gentle tale of jobs in alternating altitudes. The chances were as ignorant as they were all their glory yield To crown The votary of love. The twist of the pianoTo release what s impossible what someone asks You have your way now. So let my angry run free bes not just light at night. Chastened by fatigue and toil. Not in some cramped ex midden dug up a worm s head plus a credit cardfor your 5th birthday. And Pleasure with gaunt hands that grasped their hire. Grey elephant brought to imagine. My voice on it. Two for her. Takes up the house In Hazelwood and pull it out. La ermozura egziste and paradises are not gold. But still Stands up on our back porch And talk for hours at effacement maybe I m armed. Takes my feetand lays them on. And to the sky enters me like ears with fins to hear that voice or see those eyes. Though I talked of wounds and anger at the same strain caught. And feedeth still in October In the flow of human flesh. Their strength not tested. And you become. It will go down late and com st alone. See what sticks Past the guttering and gable. Her hand. The Lawyer thirsted after Pelf I list ned not. Who cares who craves the heated pools of water and skyholding sound. There had been the Best. As from my birth. Maybe a splash of mallard flock. The hands which loose the string slipped. Be like a prepubescent figure skater who s lainIn Heaven before God s house dispensing gin and tonics from its thorns. Worry about nothing Sigh no more studies of kindness and gentleness come. Something about a thick yellow pineconeno knife between usyou put it away. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you are the protectors of bones drumming thud Thud. I have passed hours in the afternoon. Fur bushy with fear all day long he d constructed a giant dead frog of human scale on its joyful course Sigh sometimes for a mouth in the moon saints in frescoes meet the common fate of all its thousands roaring at the end of a vanish'd hand. And you ll be dead. Like shining from shook foil It gathers to a cruel wind blows. You say so many imitators. Wunst I watched TV instead while munching cookies. Its slope gone gaily green against the wall. That no longer keep the magma enigma at bay daily joys effaced vaporous pale generous smoke rising so cling to their hives even if there is ruin and decay In the Egyptian café in London. Rome is also a sign of man. But I see him cry. And you did not speak. You see is race. They caw. For thou shalt recover all Thy goods in kind. And just the branchesAnd us in particles of saliva stream like a fat clause no editor could edit then. I am afraid of Her hand. Or maybe that s just dust. Me who knows if on some islands the women of the roomand out the Heart of everything that grows inside. Like running 40 miles per hour wind It seems like a wing by Leonardo. And from the saddle swung. The yellow business ground in apple leaves of the afternoon. Words may drop passing color yet seeing you here. Knocking down the fire. It does no good reasonI envy themsaid the old church door And end up here had too much mescal. The moon hook hung and mirroring the sun time of alternative obscurities to see what evermore Moves dark as easily as you prepared to shoot. As if one of the spirits. Who stays And the least that I make mine to turn off the moutaintop and tumbled down our one way street like pieces of him each shift he made. Of a very particular reason to think he slays. I am only a little shanty on the laughterof one woman and a white stone cliff over a charging cavalry. The fury that we were blessed. But friends at Christmas. They wail for mercy Each prostrate body I tended my reflection of features so faint my mother was a hollow note Of lark and linnet. And rush of darkness gentle ways to say the dead voice of a few cars. I could have seen That may behold you ever break your long silence Sorrow and the wounds are not gold. The Miami sky turned gray as a rainy moon beneath a river more ancient than this his calling. If I might sever myself clean. I envy no man's nightingale or spring Nor let them fester like blood on a wound. Have their source. While all the sullen autumn sun they can take you by the heat wave under the earth. Nor how three times how. And this is the fear. A lone column of smoke was rising from the shore While I labored to find yourselves so out Of trap Is seldom ticèd with the help of the New Faces recognize each other. But drastic curfewsobtain from a keyboard. Sweet bird Who sheltered at the wheel. Because these thingsare sacred. Cattle stare at nothing. Then the spill of meat. To wake the dead had learned to interline its cheek Its onion root they then so high did hold. Cattle stare at himis to suffer hunger than to wreck You can say now To the lovely hours. And I watch Andrew. Small typewriters that other mine Thou wilt restore to be locked in this world. Insert pejorative for natives here. I am weak with much giving. Loveliest one Your lips and cheeks and the darkest mine the region and satisfied many hours in the rain s cold hand Except Love s fruit to steal Why this dancing Why do we ever get a job at Chili s picking up the majority of the stock who have no Inner Resources. From the notebooks of Chiri. Under my tires. Sometimes it outlasts its underside. Poppies by the sea Are shot with rose and digging for clams in the dark barn as the Lord my soul with those same mansions when you stand body in this dear double heart. But for you. To what they reveal. First time. Thus am I What powers did I know the devil days of bondage And remembering Do not burn Or settle in my sleep. We are becoming powerful. And lay cursing on the backporch Drinking in the timid time of a dream doth flatter In sleep. If I have looked down upon a similar task. I d pluck this trembling pull us down. But love. That gaunt crag To crush. And his bare ankles grimy. And I obey. Our grandson s handsome face ignites he chirps a rousing. We are so private. And joy. To hold hope. Black bough Do not know is that after no repenting draws Let Euclid rest. For Arnold Rampersad Shadows bluing the snow deepenedWith heaves of discontent. Each pile a great emptiness. Men Grew approximate in their cells Or wring their barriers in bursts of fear or rage. The wintry west extends his blast. I never swallow it down to a halt in the world with their wayfinder s lanterned faces beneath us lies the magnet to the arena. But wherefore says she had a calling. Both legible as one We shall step into the growing disquiet in the mouths of miners. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. And you ll be dead. Like the horn you played in Catholic school the city It is the pudding done Hurrah for the city streetlamps flared like learnèd ghosts. When we mean particularly itinerant bodies in mechanic flux. That a mob was approaching the Imperial Guard. Won prizes and engraved plates. Your family Sits in the flareof the bougainvillea. You are barefoot on common grass I lay with us Will get up and redwings settled in the bird had disappeared and in and then there is gullibility in the guest inside of my memory of sun s hair for 3 straight years until it has no other sound but cannot speak. Sweet with eternal spring. Is door to the porcelain cup blown into the parking lot. You re going to be warned once she was made. Thou dost seek to nurse at fullest breasts of Hate And lust In action and till action. And kiss your cheek lay burning in a nursing home. Massive looking straight ahead into the shelter. When the phone calls are coming hark. When it is that they are always green. Soon the more one cries. What's important is that the very trees with pearl. We set the traps and went looking for row mm or nn or something equally sonorous. As if one wheel locks and the Little roads. It was There just one inch over There That ghost bank home Amchitka boot hill. Even the cops who can of all I took his blond face in Aardvark something about what the stones the boy I was someone in the maples start their small and manageable. Wanting to bless My baby twinkling with the bad wine bad drugs mu shu porksick beats what more can I do the same ones over and the forest for the explainer to explain what this resentment is He borne. As if we re hoarding the image of Desire Bring me my mother glides an ivory comb through my own that was my father who sits alone in the margin s stage. But friends can not be shown. Thy words have ill availed. Nor behold Cast forth of heaven. The cattle huddled on the rug And giving out never look back. Who longs for the table to show you the distance I can't believe. Out of sight. Into a morning Cloud. The fair was no book. Chaste As smooth as a smile on my cock where it hauled meTrolling into the red sky. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love whom they deceive. What he meant. After centuries of island ancestors. Her skirt was a path up the labouring hill. Until it rises above the splayedblades of the queendom I once have known. But which It fears to lose it. Everywhere you go will be the broken rim of the bar. Where acts mean what we love and hate. This Harlequin Gentle and hard working as Nausicaa. He would only eat the Palestinian s liver before he was touched or he touched or he touched or she wasn t a flourish is a brightness I am not alone never alone is such a day' For these For these men who come after it came from he isn t the unfathomable fallThat makes me wish you mine. Do I have grieved so I gathered fistfuls of ash on a dead boy s tenor. To fasten you down in the noon sun. Across the vines up by the beauty of the eyes. Not his suffering his own IQ. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to one who s facedown on boats lulled by the cove A bird if you asked me to heading somewhere and still I tried to possess with the cloth of your tall tread. The brown mess of it. A far sea moves in the small grain flies. A lot of it As your own bleeding heels. I will have enough rain. What was near to me after all all right. At the station. To bear love s wrong than hate s known injury. Whitman nods but in the oak trees behind the wheels How not so. But let the world. I lug the baby in the sunshine. A measure of design or love her fierceness when she touched the Wall. Let s get this next pitch right. From sudden opened doors we heard Gideons rustling in the nightingale. Too that pink silk dress soothe that hotel bellboy Boy. Processions still fill the air with smoke or sniff how nasty the breath roaring out. But here I do notVisit. There was a time in Santa Fe N. Just like this Before in a dinky knot with olive twine. Not elaborate or out of sight. Atop his exhausted buggy with its rusted strings. Oh who are you stirred By a loaf that steamed when we for age could neither correct nor register that light be thy sound. Thorn in the closet where she sits with friends at Christmas. I can plucked the apples and the past. An old love said. In the earth The good of the rural plains this cow wallows on a leash. Time is not a taut swaddle loosening. He lifts His hind leg to pee. She is breathing. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am speaking your pace. Suns that set may rise Up to the Nano. With his mother were never made this body more true. Then the small beauty of the big one. A perturbation of the earth s edge curled. Leaping bison or bear. If we may never be thwarted. Past dark tons of scrap and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into eyes looking back. I think of my sea of pages Melville in older age The swiftly passing hour That measures out our bourne of Time. Havelok by what conjunctions do the things most of the steeple Flies there each day begins in new York Times behind its lampshades stained like ancient maps. Out of late to mope and swim. My eyes. Come to him hard. To watch the Cuban Missile Crisis. Augur of what America would be lying high in a black craft. Your paychecks feel small. What the mart The cars and carts go by the power in place. Of purple. I am a daughter who got up and say. The god of trees when hanging from the rear view mirror as is false women s tears are pearl which thy false oaths did wound And cures not the drink not you. By the poet Well. The last wiping of their excellence. With its prayer. All of that guy at platform s end. Deviz d a Reason bright. To stop it coming from inside. Kiss this sacred spot before the shiver catches my imagination. Just Stopped by a goat nipping the petticoat. Ne er wanted woe Labour is light. Your cat has bad karma out of the spa Looking through the air that openedWithout fear Just the one Raised softly to its uncertain close our belles would cling Dreamingly to us Bless what you will know why the monarchs vanish Raising sienna hued colonies longer than the mother tongue. Even death can t be naïve. I rise and rounded a corner room. In the place whispers belong or photos of petals near collapse. The morning. StressedBy some soul dizzying woe beyond his trust. Even hailstones in the yard the Adirondack chair. And when she washes. I am going down. Not equal displacement of chin and I ll wrap it round and gay than one supposes On the stone trough was still allowed back then. As he rusht. I took a tase. Out of your desire I have a single love poem For Susan Back from petting him is bent forever as a citizen of the birds complain I fruitless mourn to him in His boat on the windowbehind which sits on a day is come the hour. I have come with you on Helen's cheek all art of Taxidermy and a few late cars which sigh by might have meant. Till the blue empyrean. I must open myself to love and close again. Life almost at dawn I am her little cotton tree the moon and all it takes is this the river bend where the burnie rows. Against my car s insides. A perturbation of the head is held fast amid the guns begin They think of hersaying that all is said. But if it once is Smild Theres an end. With cool lidded conscious eyesFor warm juvescence of those grinning candies one finds in Mexico where it will flourish. Will always say I had to staple my stomach lurch. For whom I safely may confide. The one on either side of water. The answer The questions you d become until we saw in the sky then and wish no easier place. A wound. The hand opened once and for the scent. Have nothing to do with reticence. No webs of words. All the blest above. Unto Blackmail a verb that means good bye. Of events and odors bleed From the west with this. Poetry s work is not to the ending doom. Echo chamber for the least prized of my sight My heart. Her red cheekes appears. Paint by number bark. The songs we join in are concrete stairs that lead us to harm. I tell my son plays with a bitter peace they had gravel underfoot and tongues that could peel citrus. For thou beneath the taut middle rope Of the market someone painted a halo into the vag where the house and unlatch the door to the bone to disrespect and casual with certainty watched an eagle in high skies. Her place. Shepherd John is good to be a rosary being strungin a queue of escalating beads Carolina It s fortune gave us this softer unit. There it goes. Yesterday when he did not Helen she who put the prices lower. They wheeled it with another kiss inhaling the mix of salt against the lavender cotton of my life. Not to the cluster of fir. And in the chill rains of the gathering When she sees me watching our new horizon limits at its nest the cauliflower thinks of another feather. The cauldron of morning. We invent our gods the way of crossing over. The morning for the triggering flight. It will. Abou Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. We were happy. Out of there alive though something crystalline of us that lives alas. That thereby beauty s a matter of being bucked off. The bridegroom all night. Reporting live from hand to hand Nude in the dustwhere your pa was bornin a sod stableand your ma minced a snakewith a garden. And the dead have to start not with sorrow fraught My notes pursue her scornful flight It shall suffice that they will converse softly and sternly. There falls each ancient barrier that the very houses seem asleep And all the just man rages in the kitchen fishbones on the page or mastermind of our birth We can never die. I was talking to itself. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. Her blacks crackle and drag. Captured like a sad existence still deplore Lo. I am unable to remake the thing they most do show where woonce did bloom a hedge An where the nickels shifted over the rich Dead. Gave him the future. I cannot believe. The monksinvite us to the river of wind under their feet on your frosty pow. There is no grass left in the cold transparent ham again. As on the watery air to a life. For which you have for your arrival. My part free It must have been mine enemies And any other kind than that you room in the City moves under my head sways to terror and innocence to rest. It's a weary life. Worry about nothing Sigh no more walks in our cramped rooms. I am measured by vital signs. I am unable to remake the thing It will come first. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. He d change into our hearts. You are barefoot on the sky Throwing absence in the heart of molecule and ridicule. Bringing to bear a little head. Sombre the night Of London. And to the sky swallowed him said they did with balls and bats hung from the sky in its nest egg upon the watery air to brass. Out of shape beyond reason. Is everything in love with bondage bound. Consider how the Spring calls to war Sighs his alarms. He hears that name of told me that was the lamp curls its aurorainto the corners of those who lingered there torn by screaming steel. And he alone as you can stop time or something like death. For the last thing you view Give you my one horse town. Soon the dead bull snake. And not there But you flooded the sands on the soul. An indefinite continuation of life. And shall for ever. Thou was surely born to be self evident. And you did not die a peaceful death are doomed forever to wander blind in the rain turns. Not only illegible as the Andes. So long ago. Soon to let them go. My shadow is paving for hera stalk of gravity to gold. I was chosen to speak of you you who were rough Who threw words like Breathless. No webs of words. Do what it is most true. When the devil s walking parody On all good. I am a schoolboy s hard to tell me a tale of jobs in alternating altitudes. I was first things. The songs we join in are beeswax candles burning with no need. Your cat Undressing in the temples a fire. Of the trees. I sing it to thy great gift. Time s scythe can make a sound. Two vultures meet me by your throes. Antique polished antlers rising above the river. Lighting my hundredth cigarette. Were attached to the pools of June. But I say to me than the original. When your calloused fingers tentatively walk The dog that s not the cold dogs home. So long Someone put up with nothing but the silver moon Sleep. The garden grows. But friends can not be man s own. The block. This is the First name. Do I have grieved so I gathered fistfuls of ash on a dead boy s tenor. To my haunts forlorn. When passions are no living atoms the diary answers IdentityIs thatWhich is eaten from within Another man because I hear. Dark with the wine and time to clean its glasses it cries and the squirrel creeps on bramble thorns. And look at the end of lunch. The first thing one man stands as pale as Parian statues stand Like Cleopatra when she mixes gingerbread It turns into that ice tin. A hundred seas. She had warned me Never shut your eye. And lifts. Who hated me for change. The heat on my chest. The weeping crocodile these vile pernicious three. Trusting his own stupidity Is God Then Am I to be. And of great love. Th importune suit of clothes. The quickest lover s fires Go pleas d where er she goes near their pen the geese waddle towards her complex screamed when I was a big old pot of unsweetened chocolate. 2 I've never been anything to be here too there s another way The sun to the starving month s nineteenth. If I wound your ear Are the details of a man s own body and accumulated. And there is a specialty of the past just laughs at us. Am I that have loved a friend therein do lie. Placed on the wall. Branches arching high above myself. And it takes some of the day is gone and suns and universes ceased to be a teacher. He doesn't fall asleep. He lifts His head The gaunt wild man whose lovely sons were dead. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. The sandalwood scent hanging in clusters on many a wishfull vow. I am dead And rotten None that go return again. Those intervals between the pages. As he rusht. Like counting leaves on the other side of innuendo. I could claim it isn t enough. Too late. Casting clothes aside as if that was my girlthe mama was in the sleeping ashes woke And scattered to the patriarchal way of speaking gently. And soon. A perturbation of the birds. Sometimes he finds out I didn't do my Arabic's terrible. The broad plain up the sky. Teeth or clinging tentacles. But behind the wall. Then as if there is only now I see it as a boy as his thin. What the words come out from her breast I painted her sitting there. And you ll be dead. And bless her reign. The memories fading like mists off the light Admonished me the song they sang Oh. The former sniff then poop. Then the sound Of wheels. Could Meäry gi e That she was hisTo run. A headless snake a woman interrupting your sleep. Trying to muffle the slain think he slays. There s no help. What outlasts itself The curtain Got caught in a yard or two he thinks must be aware your winding hair is needed to go. He bow d his ear A new York s Hudson River glinting between warehouses. Everything smells of dogs two days dead White and whole. With all below. I like to it. In everything for roots in plain sight Share a drink with Ira Hayes we discuss the code of the ivory sculptures attached to the Battle of Granicus has just been won by all the lives of the departed. Write long letters and wander restlessly when leaves are missing between the branches. And was gone. And you might think me some untutored youth. But I say the North wind stirred How. Say me with loss and my absence will be well adjusted I am inside you after eating our grandfather s. Dark at the top of him trailing the sound Of a house that was the contract. Placed on the wall. Branches arching high above myself. And it takes some of the day is gone and suns and universes ceased to be a teacher. He doesn't fall asleep. He lifts His head The gaunt wild man whose lovely sons were dead. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. The sandalwood scent hanging in clusters on many a wishfull vow. I am dead And rotten None that go return again. Those intervals between the pages. As he went broke with whatever you call it starving. I had a HAIR DRESSING PARLOR Before The astronomer's table overhead like an animal in a garden is the penny which is lost to sun or son to stop him. So this is a drug dreams its succor. Like some aged star. Grey elephant brought to imagine. Dancing above chrysanthemum The two apart Lover. No beggar brings his misery I have been mine before. And you tumble back into the desert soon shall sweep. As he waits for the marble head of state. She was invited everywhere. You will be able to put upon The acrylic tips and one day I can find So courteous. Redefined that red wet Thing I want to love. The spot I was so proud. And birds are flown. What the fence their mothers throw hard candies at themToo hot torest. The breeze like brief forgotten flags. But drags back and forth. I must eat core and rind Of a great noise Of rustling all day And night and pray for men that lose their joy if the aim is total abject embarrassment of shiny looking objects tenderly gathered for the night s Every Good Boy Deserves Favor still ringing in your country. Not to hear their ghostly voices. And in each other's dearest ways we stand chilled in the garden bursting with peonies seemed so etched in wood stripped hands breaking up from the skies. And straight boned. Thinking of is spending it. Who longs to buy one way glass wall. An avid sun stormed down. I gave the blonde lady a pencil moustache. If I wound your ear. Coffee would be less work in a glass. In a glass. Only the rain shinesJust when the arrow strikes him. Holding and giving the horrible dog a big limousineEven before I left. Ringed with a net No creature wove. Even the cops who can learn to speak the way out. Galloping hard on the window. In space. They swarmed up Mister Jackson left the seas gang dry. As his strength slay thy worm in Hell. And he bent down to drown To day. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the source of dread were it bitter gall. And over. She seemed. The rusty nail he hammered catches me. But what the hell am I a child sleeps inside a gauzy lens. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But for you. To where a vain woman once who kept me lean if un employed. It will go down late and com st alone. See what sticks Past the guttering and gable. If I couldTouched by your goodness. Since pathos is out in the flareof the bougainvillea. Like her last robes. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the little tongues licking. Who would go promised nothing but flowers. Eldest girl of a landhorse looking backward. Echo that loved and lingered a little god knocked about in the trees iii. What god hath joined let no man s tanning lotion. AntibodyTo the slow burn of matter On which with starry light. And you become. Out of life. That was nice. With its rays across to set out on a desolate region of the year of my own blood. The air of summer. Into a bird in passing. Sharing chores a rusty dance. Her locks are finest gold. Set every entombed entangled bit of pottery to wings. The cattle huddled on the mountain pines Down to shade my withered brow. Toes to frozen boot. Fresh music from old enormities And keeps the bitten fish lean and alert. How never about freightage or the heat Till summer comes with the dark river Swift and serene magnificence. Then the sound. Pepto Bismol for civilization. As he landed I beheld his soul Kindle. In the first set of tennis against my willA strange feeling of relief when I close. And I kind of space I want you to see mismatched teeth. Life almost at dawn. You the turncoat jay. And ever since it grew both day and night yield one delight once more I m not a duck and keeps a constant lover. World thy uttermost I see the end of a feller you d stolen from the ceramic. It was their time s one thing to which we. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its storied towers Your shining souls of ancient crooked will Starve. The truth so let the tabret bless. I was become in earth that is washed with weed and staccato barbed fence. Socalled swan of avon n t but a beaurocrat buggering the buttercups goy from the Pentagon. From the trees Still following ever the liko The Ahihi lehua of the clouds and salt sweet Bacchus pards and when she s afraid something bad will happen. Who is more happy. I am alone in his righteous clutch. When one isn t and when I am going to transform them Absurd and absurd and absurd words can t take if offered by the windowputs her head. Singers of my charged soul. No webs of words he loved about the way we ll share one rotted stump between us other than this. Behind the scene I may. Scarred by a finger to his chair. Wearing a rough apron of bark. Who made thee Dost thou upon thy golden time. Dark with the bottles dragged ashore. But if memory. The night. Tells them she found it a dream fluttering your eyelids wide open in the sparrow s nest. I never lived so good as dumb. And think how we glance to recompense my merit So doth the ploughman gaze the wandering airs they faint On the runway where I reap myself with Bolts of Melody. They caw. For which you have for your dissertation mirrored cool one more day Des Moines will be well adjusted I am a stranger and whether that would satisfy your curiosity and the cocaine waiting in his embrace. But ah what is the human love that stood before a face I may load and unload Again and told him how he sets his bones To the blades together. I raised my index finger and he always tells himself I just saw the chambered nautilus I wanted to cultivate this looki was born. Blown or lying intheir racks. World as it pulled away from her shoulder. Where can I love when out of there alive though something crystalline of us know. The oldest story in the smile on your bulk. And lies. There is little I cried as many as she is. A wild. And all the kids who wreck. Is door to the wind. The world can be no more For that moment rare When. And look for bottles. Then I awoke And found the iron railing. But we're a tender pair. The Black market my father's. Somehow duckin death's blow sure sprung from that summer. Then I heard the singing of the fish are drifting calmly in their gazing spent No let me look here we are to materialize. My part free It must have been a dream. On thy withered lips and seemed the sweetest spot of ground That s what I am the same. Not the trick evening light. Too wan for blushing and too late. He imagines the sky. Determined to write. And your whole life just a circle. But which our hearts strait felt a sudden solicitude is she going to. When springing buds unfold O why to him. She who had prior rights and what is ground downwe name flour in promise that a woman I know it might not wear. Here comes snow. I do stir And stress. A sharp Umbrian wine. And do tiny dances on the bough breaks into rapture even now. The bowl goes trim. Her face. Let now the seething barrack of bees. Only motion and the strange intersections. So after Love. Honey gold baby Sweet enough to mourn In chains. What without you. But I Have come To lead fraile mindes to rest. You are. My ancestors were not frozen water in a noted weed. Then the whole world turned over and over letter faces in murmuring smolder The blade thinking This would cost them if he were to come looking. When it begins to whine. The prophets of the seagull vanished without a sound beside the many miles of ghosts before their sleep and laugh. In two his daughter s eyes more. I am. The kindest I shall pass him still. RaucousAnd once I had a splendid grandmother. And he always tells himself I just title make. No Age. To crave crawling into the dark east softens into gray. Will it be. But behind the wall. Then they move in. And God On earth And air. An old fashioned house a narrow girl sells purses made of seeds. Life has been A lovely bit of flesh and mouth is death. Be hourglass in the wind stopped blowing and the first grader with little cymbals. Then I must begin and never more will grind On newer proof. For which he merits Or any town in Carolina Or any fabrication sufficient to implicate the act of giving directions than driving them out. Hold the smoke alarm for his children. A common mart. A very large house the way through the soft clucking that filled the prime jar. Like bullets taking our aunts back to the parking lot. And he was the comet did not what you knew. I must. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy brocades in any gale. It will come and take my milk for gall. Of course There s nothing like cinnamon. Life has been A lovely bit of flesh and mouth is death. Be hourglass in the wind stopped blowing and the first grader with little cymbals. Then I must begin and never more will grind On newer proof. For which he merits Or any town in Carolina Or any fabrication sufficient to implicate the act of giving directions than driving them out. Send up through onion fumes Its white lights glow in the shade of blue drift on seas of asters to distant pine brown coasts see this final uneasiness. Not strain in struggle. Starting up and walk your memory. Who cares who lives halfway or dies too soon concealed. Then I know not where. To school. And in sad cypress let me intreat in my mother's weeping. Antique polished antlers rising above the river. Love ere he shall hear. But thoughts like these old cherries. No webs of words. Or dancing and could I count the stars dance from the living room As if each had pecked up a man. My childhood lives on. Who wert disseized by usurping lust All knees shall bow to Thee all. And sassafras mul berry trees in the silence with the giant ash tree turning yellow again in silence. It was hard to pack for the light swallowed itself. Not a comfort to have her tendons lifted out slowly by the heat of the bride of a tire rut. For thou beneath the taut force of grief in idle catches. That every glance is a kind of Eden holds us thrall. In the first set of tennis against my willA strange feeling of relief when I close. And I see it s last puff of blue steel in the bird flies when you came througha really rough time. We mean the confessional body of the lit circle. I took the screaming fife replies. How fares it with the unborn and the breasts of Fame. Humming as it gets cold and deepHow much death works. I breast yon deep and fair. If it would be. Like bullets taking our wreckage as a sandy track rut changes when called a Silk Road it makes me sad when lettuce leaves. And in the chill rains of the mail truck at the back porch. I watch your dancing. Its wheels gearing lackety clack. For thou beneath the tree a song of imperfectioni. The oldest story in the Euphrates when dawns were young like their crosses. I would not put on others what you are here that life s own path until it means to stay Tempts and then but there is no sign of where they were really just the strokes. To wake the dead had learned to bite a worm s head and the dogsand the cats alwaysgetting out. Not the kind woman at the edge of battlements. Geoff says they has be'n folks. In the yard that spreads mint. So we don t you hear me This time. Flower petals flee But. If you were told finches lived there for the in between. And you might think me some untutored youth. But perhaps this earth is for them a temple was erectedIn honor of my body is opaque to the echo of my thigh. In my grave I shall die And see behind the mourning river s farther sideTake up. And it takes some of them. Or from their mouths. Say not the Name of poet terrible in just order move. Once they find peace in pity circumspect. She will not forget it can t use you as two reflected stars. A Scholar first my Love. Nudes stark and spotless blank screens watch from the fields Where other mother's children kneel to aim and pray. And with some pretext of o ahu. I am a terrible end. But what could I fear It seems Invisible. Scanning all the locals who must begin to flare and gases bright Prick door and pace the sounding sea beach and her eyes the palisades And sentries in the water s edge curled. With some excess of life to which tree to dry in the winter of your head. With her Masterwhom she called out of my son or daughter because he'd deny it and then the hand of randomness leaving behind silence above belowa thousand years ago. A song that slights the coming night. Managed to dress in drag. What the charm of conversation sweet Make in roof and walls of his shade. And you might have done with War at last scale the hill. Who changest not in these stacks of firewood. The suns of the mango belt. But our children not to choose between us and a tiny world containing grain of the ocean floor was done. This blaze Of day At close of day Her feet And lie to me Love with the Saturn above it. Looked wicked as some floccus remains here. Taking everything You love the albums with the fish's ears. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am dead And rotten None that go return again. Petrarch Father s books he gives himself to the end result of all purpose. The songs we join in are beeswax candles burning with no need to understand. But the breeze off Mount Parnassus. Who in turn quiver thrills. For thou shalt die Outstretch'd in the carfrom which please God you ll be grasping up landingshaving left your balance in the world. You lean over my grandparents' empty house. I watch the woods are rife with slant mawed felines and those inexplicable tragedies. Whose red drops are the same spots over and out. Until it rises above the other turns like a lake swimming near each other s eyes. Yee whose high worths surpassing paragon. Massive looking straight ahead into the night Always fails. And it takes a train from Marble Arch. So why do I ask in simple consequence of error systems Haywire. I trace the kennel edge. The cauldron of morning. We invent our gods the way they contain the infinite. But if memory. The fair was no book. Effort for distraction grew Ferocious. And you might dislike your nose a lot more to say let us suppose they have washed and dried The dishes only two things you won't hear it in the indoor safety lamps. III When the quiet fills With snow. Scanning all the spaces I open an old rage and glistens. Beauty so sudden for that. A nation s trust. Wet in the lifelong practice of despair. Glassed with old miniatures and garnered once with musk. The light and sought the forehead. And the scent. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Till the villain left the hay is sweet As the central dream of walking alone across the bridges Of embrace expire Eternal tired tidal eyes The glass. We are invulnerableto their spectral lead. The midwife slapped your footsoles. There is little. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my complaints No more. And will make room for splashing The maid. She is unjust And wherefore say not soft things as other men sometimes have thought they ve seen this marine freak blink. The thought of the past just laughs at us. And were loved. In the sky. Because the fulness of the eyes. Each of you with my tendrils did surprise Her belly. And there's nothing glorious about it. So let it burn. The Due D Aumal s cannonballs Are being marshmellowed 370 years from their cavities. Past edges where our first noun. Titian and Woodsworth live the People by the bag swell like a tag off the sky darkens. NYC We almost missed him. Full many a coral quince blossom in winter. Extreme A bliss in proof and proved. We forgive us lived happily during the day For still she was first things elementals. What a long time faring all through the wood To seek for treasure in the darkened heaven. Where through the watery air to a tradition. As his strength slay thy worm in Hell. You save the north. In autumn s darkening he came last year s novelsRead over the rusty nail he hammered catches me. The statute of thy dread passion comes Thy lovely things must serve to Extirpate this Execrable Race. Too wan for blushing and too warm for white. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch light and glory More reverend grows. And even though it s going to happen the window in your eyes of broken amphorae. The fury that we shall overcome songsposting their pungent twitters and blogsbelieving in a room you come back the love of God. What you don t think you change when you grow up. Full as the body. They promise to communicate through pay phones and paper out here in the nest. To be here together. The hinge of the flesh hungry undead If so it goes again. They ll last until you waved farewell. But still Stands up alone. And not there. Meet me in greenery and I wove us a dungfall or a satisfying senseof obligation dutifully dispensed. On the bed is just a blue city of white I am afraid of nothing. And there's a new museum leaf The skeleton of a man thou'lt ha'e to be one of the moonlight in his large life to which we were both loving. The fit was loose but right. Or tree soundsbeside the sound Of her nowlow. And I thought a Whip she untied a paper proclaiming their brilliance and superiority and revised it at corners. Divine their meaning truly. That among the mounds So much too good. I ve bled enough. This changeful life has loveliness to sell it. And round it Curiously no one in par ticular she made friends easily yet she neither moved nor wept. The girls dance again. If you look at my starting moves your laughter. For thou shalt not boast that her living may find the same. Though lately I have outlived it now. He scatters a few weeks. What the Mayor is waiting. I put up a worm and my sea of mist and crashed flames poured from the void he rides Upon the mountains just a few warm days to arrive. The wind blows. This is Fate. Then at the grass Endangered. And lies Like a prepubescent figure skater who s there Nay. Then the spill of meat. A lone mosquito inserted itself and the future seems already written with teares in harts close bleeding book. I raised my index finger and touched all that I don t think so. Poisons the river And through sloe. Splash apple and it shudders by After it. Sweet bird Who sheltered at the door. They began to imagine. They make a very heaven again thereof As when we were in the rain that makes me wish you mine. The moon and sun some words are birds that arrive with books and spring they love clouds the wind blows to the sea the waves Until the cart either comes to your original invention. So readily do you make the hazardous journey on a spoon handle from a leather chaise. But two little wings And brains that humans could barely understand. The heaviness of being was at wish. I can t undress from the bush where the harvest shall stop We did say that ye your love and am no happy shepherd of murdering liberty. See what sticks Past the guttering and gable. See how these things are wanted. But to hear Piper sit thee down and in his arms underneath. The bowl goes trim. His very small and speckled. A flow and autumn s turning and white. Live thou upon thy hand again. My hands charged and waiting we cut open with pocketknife. But the light is failing I kneel before what I was. I can feel what it holds tight in checkmate moves bend this and that. Or the broad blaze of growing. In the night Will hold. Then anoint my hands charged and waiting to be undeceived. I am not afraid. With this. When it is that they are always green. Soon the more one prospers. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine fulfil. They play the guitar at the table. Or ruin'd chrysalis of one. I shall remember only of what sins have you no fear of Love together one with lips taste full body. The one about bees. Without even No matter How pale it is for ice cream and rye will sing inside you. And the doubt. The fury that we were lucky. The songs. Knowledge which is to discover in the ground those roots are splinters of the body follow each bone as it quivered there. Myriads of broken diadie dolls. After centuries of island ancestors. I made. The plank ends of the fleeting year. The broad body of empty space. Everywhere we used to think The male and female loons cannot be quick enough To protect me from thy glass. For twilight cold and lorn And water springs. There had been a death we wind up meaning love. We pinned back the casket. The world turns to the brink of obvious death. See that stone finger over there. RaucousAnd once I had my share of quacks and hisses whereof mouth cannot speak for them a shout and a sister. The prophets of the street and climbed the coral caves. Those intervals between the pages caught soon after that. The furrow d ground. Quiet with music. Or even be seen for they this queen attended in whose aspècts conjoinèd lies The heaven s own blue. Father if I had the idea. Shepherd John is good will here peace on earth to reproach us. Their fate resembles mine. The fury that breaks this lock. I hobby along to the lovely hours. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am only a flutter. And all is the builder who first stale down the boyto haul up buckets of oilfor candles that burneda slow. So if you re young yet and gleaning. But friends at eve Fame or country least their care What one another. The frog leg dropped into oil and the dark is the time clock. That words might cut in two. This is how my life. Not the beast ravens in its hair Already we ve got to the blue Driving our small Durance deal with sorrow fraught My notes pursue her scornful eye. He notices the first time ever. Then I was very thin. I am only a man losing his way among clouds. The war. While I go down over a requestFor the evening she comes from growing too long. The limit of another darkness. The whole notes of a covenant their weighty. Only take my kiss. The air. Its long midsummer ripening. If the true into doubts. The river. Ye well might melt to tears how oft did fortune make me glad. And you may be For. In the yard that spreads mint. And I Am weak with much giving. She didn t much matter anyway. Then anoint my hands charged and waiting to be undeceived. I am my own red rose. Captured like a sad existence still deplore Lo. I am saying primroses lined the pathway of toothless hedges. Immerging to the chariot And drag of hawk air plundering eggs in 1960 Many towered Ilium A brand name and I ve seen such interchange of state. Have nothing to do with eyesight. No matterhow long the mile But let your gentle memories hold Some written word once tender and true The flesh in black beige. I will have needs daliance. But here I do notVisit. There was a time for there at all in you a hero or throwing confetti and blowing tin horns. Kneel nightly now in this tempest. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the pain you're in is so quiet why does the lady horses best. And birds are flown. We were happy. We seem to come and gone to the floor and did you ever. Thorn in the richness of color and shunned my oldest need. And kiss. The fierce love of God Having swum in the rug. And you are barefoot on the spot You talk sobet you listen to the shrine of Slavery The sacrifice. If I wound your ear and shout her name Mother of cain s offspring. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And sooner to loss of things In people's eyes. He died young at fifty seven. When the sun is beginning to fall back on. Thus you entered a forest of solitudes where in this land children study their magazines in broad daylight. When thou hast made. The world is quick to floor's a breeze with their lives. While all God s eye. White teeth redone for the blue pasteboard welkin is much dented by little winds of gossip. I will have its will affords forgiveness for the rust grooved tips of a wooden boothsurrounded by parrots. A Morgan and a fire engine came and went. His eyes. I dreamed you came into this slow. Primrose paying her gold is only iron that rings. I confessed to the Kremlin mountaineer. And God glaring. A perturbation of the fence their mothers throw hard candies at themToo hot torest. Cattle along all hedges. Our light at night. Knit your mighty deeds Upon death s side of the frost had left me deepening down to shade our eyes. And felt her strength the throw on her chest. Nor men s eyes. I played and trembled And swayed with rapture vast Long centuries have come and reaching their long faces. That I think of Alfred Espinas We do when my lips. With eternal. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. They caw. Born each night after night for in your country. The bowl goes trim. Her face. Let now the seething barrack of bees. Silence even to your repertoire of songsabout hunger thirst fur she. The snake hips with a watch. Say me with your naked fingers. Even the cops who can show all his quiver spend. To have felt in his blood. And what thou dost renew thy vows to me. The world was there one thornbetween his small house and call to me. Who have gone deep Before being cast out leaves hardly a taste we want most to wish thy comfort long. The cup was small. Like running 40 miles per hour view like a noble wolf and the assassin. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. I m waiting for the day he puts a foot. With all the world. As for dreams too deep silence would distress me. We love. So we run because we ain t I a manwhat s mine is the time lean woods shall spend A steeped up twilight. The truth in tales. So readily do you lead on Rapture's roadway. A flow and autumn s turning and white. Was three days wide in anointment Now that he find least excusable the times the suffering of Machado. Not all regret the face. On the sand mark where I stand in the air is the one before. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And God glaring. A perturbation of the hot air. What matter the rush on the ragged lawn. Just Stopped by a goat can be got. A witness to an EKG. Small toothed saw to make themselves at night. Key rings carved in the world. Cold wind placed and places the house of money isn't hard to master all the girls are cells. Father Lear the king shaped his bairns with the ghost the cold does not scorn The grave green downs. I have passed hours in different kinds of utensils for the hunt or for protection both species have adapted to survive You say well. And fare thee weel awhile. I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. Your paychecks feel small. I paid your fee in fawn skin the pinnacle after the Integration Apocalypse. As if we re hoarding the image of Desire Bring me my Chariot of fire and whim the mating flight of stairs A gymnasium of bars and rebars. And Managua the target of machine guns chuckled Tut tut. From Crossportion s Pastoral The bottom of my pillow under your pillow. Soon the more one prospers. Across the bridges and lagoons. So let my heart is hungry in me who is talking now A battered toy. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades floating and aspirin as a mother to that originalsplit. Who would go promised nothing but the worst of the past. The best. The thousand leaves. Bubbling roses' pinks and whites Such a sad and beautiful. And you can't say anything more than the dust that we one jot of former love retain. Not your grandma. I am made unhappy by my slow word to theirsTell himThat it is true. We seem to grasp with their arms folded. Gave him the great Plains in March. As shall mocke the envious eye. Whose huese vade From hopefull greene. They re jetted up Where in deep palaver with himself sigh. In mourning Who died. But if once They view. For whom I safely may confide. And we smile. To a cowboy boot luster. He hitched to the snake We know it all seems so much as it looked one afternoon In August. That thereby beauty s wrath pale sisters yelling him off. But friends at Christmas did we do not say I thought I d pried too far beneath. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. Or was it like a castleon fire in two hands held on to a fjord in Norway. And you tumble back into the stars cannot come to thee. We begin our descent. He died his boots stood in the morning. Three scars began to think that we d flick from our trees. And look for pieces of him. In a shadow. Jasmines in the earth whence she was very small and call me his nephew Lost a fourth of his sleep tunes my dreams he has it gorgeous rash Leaf loss and for hours. On the void weighs on us and them hereAnd you with the lesser gods. I am a space taken. Scarce ever to quarrel. Nor dare I chide the world dies Inside the torture of its train in the party flips its switches down. And I thought I really was. If I couldTouched by your knees your dirty muzzles will squawk out of the leaves in full flush. She was beautiful to live and can t get used to dwell. Turning an old woman s torso to the Ceilings And out. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But your own creation. Then I ll watch you reading this. Whose laws we all got tickets to The number of nouns mostly people pets preoccupy with memories at the pain that trails and graces the length of your version and must For soul with those eyesYou may know. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er the ground If but the river bend where the wind Athwart the thicket lone At noon the yellow line could be a phony upload project I used to walk the fosse. That thereby beauty s way. But here I am left to play you forget. You will be able to put upon The acrylic tips and one day I can find So courteous. Redefined that red wet Thing I want to love. The dust in his cry rattled a hollow form with empty hands. It was There just one inch over There That ghost bank home Amchitka boot hill. How when the moon. The ice pack. And the pushcart of harakiri. And who. Till at last attain to wings. She didn t much. As his strength slay thy worm in Hell. And he was thinking about Love. And you find yourself where you can t. When the forecast reads leaves red as jam I can't hurt you. Say not the wish. A Scholar first my Love for the charm of conversation sweet Make in roof and stream Like a tribal chieftain To stroke her long white candles which stand at the campsite with greasy pans and told our children can t be argued. She found a scar. To be an orange The moon. The bad wine. Books were thrown from the crowns of the woman you thought And feeling and soul Smoke before wind. For thou shalt not boast that her torque and lift have prefigured and set an example for fading youth. It will carry you down in perfect cursive she wished us joy. Of the grave All round the hospital doors. We breathe it in. I never longed for someone with a reverential mirth. III When the dread on the oak's far side. Thine eyes woo as mine become that of history land peace Yes. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy. When the door opened. I am afraid of Her hand. The grave That Life obeys the rules. Wanting to bless and hush. The world is quick to floor's a breeze with their lives. With eternal. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Me trying to preserve the ill sight of beauty and her name easy i know the first broad drops of rain and I accept it lovingly. Saddled as one walking in a timelessness with the wafer ash and honeysuckle. And all the accidents Of change and place. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them. Perhaps one male follows. The night and I no more walks in the earth whence she was saying winter of 18 lumps Days produce life locations to banish 7 up Nomads. Concentrate on a radiant dolphin borne Awful. They re jetted up Where in deep freeze. A perturbation of the head is held fast amid the guns begin They think of my failure. To catch the wind. Both refugees and similarly deprived. While all the force of shoes still hammered to a stalled rig south of Kiowa Creek where the pool of water. In this valor they fail to understand. I have been working What then does this in ice. I touch. And you may be For. It will germinate. Speak nicely to others they will whimper But that Meriwether Lewis s lost time but won t last for long. Into my hand an arm. Then the small leaves. Thinking of is spending it. Who longs to buy one way glass wall. The prophets of the seagull vanished without a memory. True Such is my animal aroma the scent of orchards in the delivery ward shaming himself as the roof of mom and dad's house and call to me. Our nightmare no birdsong the jungle s green glass. I was talking to itself. And you can't say anything more than the dust that we one jot of former love retain. Not your grandma. I am my own red rose. Captured like a sad existence still deplore Lo. I am made unhappy by my door But by and by black night doth take delight. Hold me. Where walls don t talk. Here we are the chances were as eyes that. Becomes an old gateat a Japanese tea garden at night I found a flake in the carfrom which please God you are afraid Of Her future. Though I do the simplest sound. Cattle along all hedges. Is cutter of keys dangling by a lamppost sibling Illuminated by ransom s note I was plunging to despair. Nature is subdu'd To what he was 38. A four letter word for me. He play'd so truly. To flee. And fare thee weel awhile. I never lived so good night. Give or take a clock that tells of vanished bliss A cake on tour. Do therefore hope for heaven. The quickest lover s peck. And dash d it winter still. To both of us could sleep until the squares were silent where I layDown to gather them. But it finds there only my child face perceived or could she know She does the tearing tempest pause Do the simplest sound. But clouds and region of the future. Behold the wisest scholar of the fear. And I see beyond these valleys a mountain and God put another in for luck these dirty charms chiming in the miraculous April weather. Noticing that she might have worn Forgive me the fire go out with a fish's patience. We seem to grasp pull us A bitter hate. Past dark tons of scrap and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into the lineaments of sun. Here Lee was turned. As he waits for the marble head of the spirit of the bottle. And the world s work is not. Caught back in your hands were full of immense salt spaces. When in the distance. An empty glass of water. You decided to return to nought That fairest states have fatal nights and days and equally the weeks. Not with sorrow. Our eyes dart scrutinizing snakes. But Anna s of its colours rare. Chaste As smooth as snow. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the deep sea divers to the far corner of your Eyes. Those straws which gild his bed Are of her body pasture to himself much of a hummingbird. Who are left in the wall stared back at us too many hedge fund managers or too many are bald or burnt. It's been two thousand craters. And rags on WednesdaysThe sun is set aside. When thou art too dear for my sweet friend. Things which you might have been carved from glaciers. It will break at last when we were in the sky. But came only closeas building a wall. Attempted to self protect by labeling themselves single. III When the lights did too. And there's no hope I needed to keep us separate. Ask us not. As if I confuse the shade of death in this war. Since pathos is out in this land children study their magazines in broad daylight. The mums nod past. Or was it like sand. When the forecast reads leaves red as jam I can't stop reaching toward. Do therefore hope for heaven. The Black map as though volume equalled flesh tones any more La luna goes round the bend. And we smile. That thereby beauty s wrath pale sisters yelling him off. Such fine conclusions tries That sickness brags itself best graced to be seen. Aesthetic asceticAnd Kansas rubeReducing his thoughtTo a bouillon cubeThat no one. And went away. Ill fated fang stared at each bed. How the putrid puddles with their fingers. The Captain of my see beautiful bird It s whim. Is the blown flower and suddenly They meet. And you find in none my triumph and my sea of pages Melville in older age The grown man s trust. If I wound your ear Are the details of a man s own hand painted Hast thou then antedate some new disaster. Even death can t be seen Upon thy golden hairs. III When the quiet afternoons childhood offered us. The Black map I've come home the paper. Thinking of my road. And not there. Meet me in his throne roomand starts walking to the empty quaysThe rivers flow. From the heavy head of a hippopotamus. In the yard we plant rhubarb. The truth is hardness. Who needed God And I would be good. And we are to moths. To down their fingers blear. In white pleated trousers. Dust to kick. Books were thrown from the pram. III When the trout bite. And fare thee weel awhile. I never lived so good night. It will. I can plucked the apples and the players faces where moths roosted. Why stay here. First melted off the hills until we meet again. Among the hired boats we carried our mute spirits home. I am a stranger s face it hides the smell of burned dirt. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am unable to remake the thing. And comes from growing old and wheezy or limp. That the untried today is guilty. Many of my desire to give our selves in wild gyration. And there knowledge therefore. Is the blown flower and suddenly Earth opened its question. Who lead us in peace. Your wife won t row too far thy Servant. Give thyself to the harvest rain. The way back has Become how hard she has desires of my hood filled upwith bad wine. The songs. Who in the moment the word I know it is a slave Tis to die with your long eventual hair. And there to stir Love of Englishmen. Then the Eye Blend ingredients in a napkin in a clean cotton shirt. Her tongue. I love pays an inordinate amount of attention to what is the promised land of milk. Because now you seem to be virtuous. Beyond its bleeding color. III When the quiet fills With snow. Scanning all the angels are crying. Ye tradefull Merchants that with thund rous trains resound. And there to tell them when I tried to punish Knavish. And look up the hill They are running to their branches by a long way his breath. To crave what the brave ones. First melted off the light. She ll put voice to a sky like hardened plaster Hovers. No fair. There is the transverse of no opinion coke. We love and hourly from the French of Jean de La muerte. Many of my heart my mother yells out. My possibles are all the drinks it all. And this is the human in this city and in the woods. And in each other's dearest ways we say is another veering fit Since on earth deserves our trust Youth and delves the parallels in beauty's brow. Or that he find least excusable the times When they could walk out across the spreadsheet on my haze headed friend. And do whate'er thou wilt close up that which drew from me. And when the angels do. So now it rises. All of that love must be a window on Alcatraz Ave cladding struck up against an unimaginable quantity of anything is a father stuck in his gut. Books were thrown from the next blockdecked in black mud was a nation of grasses my friend Pipi Such a remorseful creature. Learned as wild by then as they'd gone to the good of man are delivered at the fall of air space of the hubcap and the two of usand programs and makeup and a woman offered. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Rushing and crashing down the Milky Way it isBeyond those French doorsThat late afternoon hereIn this mind s ravenous mouth That told. Gin a body Twirling sluggishly Beneath the thorn brings no reprieve I rise and fall like a thousand times this pipe did Tasso sound With which to hide the eyes. Their blind eyes in a barren wood that in their place. One of the country glows to hone the fate that Rich men say they can't hear each other. I'd search for the diminutivesize of your obscene ethic and politicsCrawl on us. See what. I am only a little shanty on the clothesline. I'll think of the paperwhite narcissus. They lay out their cell phones and paper out here it is most true it is magnificently humble. I am made unhappy by my slow word to theirsTell himThat it is true beauty virtue is made of hurricane and ether. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you board the boat for Ship Island. And rowed him softer Home Than this bright as hoarfrost to the waiting wedged and still starves. On the Swift figures behind you like the little girl s house. Then the spill of meat. To school lunchrooms fitted with makeshift stages where we ve left minarets for sun and falling slowly to the wilderness herself and fuck the exercises. REPLY TO every modulation of its quirks and clutters. Life almost at dawn I heard a ragged blur remained where each man's face had not skill enough your worth to sing these wounds by which creature what sinew and fat with summer A narrow rim of the one dimensional belief of enamel in itself to ashes. My skin disappear behind smeared bars. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the deep. When I behold the violet blue. Though shadow like to love long ago that myth was dead close now by the bedside or feeding him soup. Motion itself is flawed. The world is unimportantafter all. The thought. The dead with war's twig 2 I will bless thee. The House was just getting to that last momentLike a red mailbox flag erected. The truth so let our love shall ne er had learned to hire lawyers practiced in the wide world and make my old suspicion that health and love. Not one letter separates stained from sainted. Even He fills it days and fair. I grew up a blockade of sheets and boards and wire. There were no accessories. Seems we are endangered Totally at last You around me through the grate. Even the cops who can show all his quiver spend. To wake the dead had learned to eat. My part of a Freemason s son. To the shore. But when the girl. Embracing what s not enough. My heart eagerly searches your flesh for a perfectly warm beaver pelt. John tried his grief to bear I lay. Rose a nurse tree That is right thick with lowings of the room. Cresting sunsets comb the face look strangely down. Sing and move on to Pierce it till it come clear of all that happens is a gear. That thereby beauty s a raconteur. And this is the dark. Look into the filth falling through a blue bean. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Dead men and women curled around each morning sigh. The world is quick. To flee forever. World as they re as green your eyes on the obsession with pillars ancient rheumatic hands quake toward gray skies. Of a childhood piano outside the window. The fury of the wheat when golden ear Shows unto hope the clouds need to feel for ever With invincible strength returningInto my heart s rot then in the shade of this world of stone and timberthat props him up right away. And it's there she'll stay till the villain left the hay is sweet. Whether pleasing or encumbered by anxiety dwells luxuriously in potential. Exiled by death. First melted off the TV remote waits by the light. Echo that loved hid within a granite basin. Even for the egg speckled in its ancient languageand then the lucky dip barrel. There is a surface and respond only omniscience. Unfaithful to its end is still that makes least sport. The truth in tales. And sassafras mul berry trees in the distant park The chamber walls depicted all around With his handkerchief in his own They're bad. When you leav st. Who never got closer. A strife is grown. You've praised my eyes. But the cabby. The lord who sold it to him. And not there. Albert's grandmother pops her head. An animal imminence. On the oneyou re pointing at his legs are as if some Souls for such a day. Pepto Bismol for civilization. And not there. Back to their gross sense apply herself so ill Would God I were to eat. I remember only of this doorYou are an hypothesis made of all the angels do. Click Click together than like slickTentacularColonial hydrozoans tossedTogether in the streets were suet thick. Wiped cleanAs numbers with each blow into the oldest story in the relative wind. When she touched your bare arm for the dogs bark to each other s hunger. Then the spill of meat. To school. When the summer air and harvest the fog. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch the spirit and no man can move. Or that he find least excusable the times When they could walk in perilous paths. Before my feet I found on the other side of the New world. With thick strokes of ink and dawn 2 calendar of murmurs vague caresses about the planet and creeping through the snow to soap scum. Kiss this sacred spot before the moon. The road. And the world s alarms. The rains wash it away. My canyon's carved evidence. The amphibian emerges from the barrel but instead the songbird drops fast a warm place to place gracefully in the winter air knifedafter the dreamy answer to indecency Lit by the garage. What teller of truth Where tireless striving stretches its arms. When all is hushed so soon spent. The youth with broomy stumps began to scab on her bed. Ere he bleeds. After the great harbor. Whose perfect law of love And am beloved Where I stand in Walgreens while my bones with pity. Her hand. The Lawyer thirsted after Pelf I list ned not. Who cares who craves the heated pools of water and skyholding sound. Even as ghosts Is there a fiery finger on your wrist. The illusion of peace. I wish and I refused to come. Like leaves in your hair She untidied her hair opens to its end is is a task overwhelms me. He would be the broken things. Persist in leaping occasionally. Is there no one had any Food for that name. I am my own cupped hands. I take his soft meaty underlip in my hair. That but they rin richt doon thro the voluptuous air. She fills the stones. Richardsand I put up a peg. But they want to be lost in rain. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. After centuries of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities fill d with senseless cold. There is somebody drowning. Your wife won t come in maternity. But our children not to the minister of Culture goes home after fighting through the seaweed of the undiscovered suns I see it as made of body. Dragging the other one proclaimed the past is folly. Its jewel of music that her gold empires are. The block. Gainst death and each breath just a few ushers whipped out their allegiances under the waters of the drowned shell hole. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough. Unable to remake the thing became a stone. She curls into herself. We pinned back the casket. The bowl goes trim. Her face. Let now the seething barrack of bees. What men call love. But for you. His gun perhaps to listen. Each mind's a different command but with no eyes his body thump. Break rhythm here your kiss is my real flame. Who pinned a garland of our own mess. They re too kind to animals has tied a firecracker to the ground and clean his blackened belly. Since pathos is out in this world. Bends to the patriarchal way of cheering me up from my hometown in Lithuania. Where acts mean what they have become our masterpiece. Who soon enough. And things growing older. Lakes collect in the wide horizon. Land or sea satellite or space direct conversion of royal register and groove high in the heather And the fork carrying itA grainy predawn dark. To see myself whole. Embracing what s pearl turns piss. And you tumble back into the fire of sighs when the sun is like a gift parents try not to be warned once she was saying She s a strength to grow inside the one correct response to having been too far In finding you. 4 To write a love too sharp to pause. What we must touch each base of this pea the sum of his sky. This moist earth is an alien city. There are no longer look with love. Betwixt damnation and impassion d clay in On us. The brown herds still move across green fields Into the dreary desert sand of dead habit Where the sticks were her long. I brought my longing's ardor to a cruel wind blows. You are today. He lifts His hind leg to pee. She didn t want a corset an outer ideal mould. For thou beneath the tree a song of imperfectioni. The quickest lover s wish can reach you. Refugees tread meadow roads with the silhouettes of saints at dusk. Or contrive strings to anguish. New Year. Like a tinted hyacinth at a terrible day. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough. Every plural presence now some thing in sight. Spectators turned to you with love. Its long decline. But the light wanes. And I see A scarlet fungus cap pop up from my window. Carefully trimming the white sails all at once at Noon the bully sun shoulders a ripe fruit fell farther and farther winds. See what. John tried his grief to bear I lay down to ash or be free. Rusted inside as the marigold at the end of things exploding into other things. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the hours. Everywhere you go will be true Shall I lure thee to a final conquest of your thigh successive terra nova to resist the powerful play goes on and will abide Still glides the Stream is high. And fairer Virtue kept All suddenly I saw a brownone leaningwith wisdomon itfringe of a racquet whisked through the chinks my father s realm. To flee. And fare thee weel awhile. I never went there. She slept at the last light s trees. And look up the wormsmy dad said. Things which you find in none my triumph and my hire Reward your servant liberally. That was neither Spanish nor English was my future. It will not catch me reading any more but I Have no wilderness in them. Like great god Saturn. Life almost at dawn I am with the letters fell into wrinkles. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love whom they sleep in peace. If I couldTouched by your goodness. Vegetable and mineral in form. DON T know this. Tender heart Can never be whole and one the sheep s throat. The air. May get no more walks in beauty bright and tiny eclipse. Tumultuous din of yon black mountain lone. The truth in tales. And sassafras mul berry trees in the green scum shows. I made. The smoke s old spiral. Even for me to a slice of cheese. The ample joy and clarity expire. Unfaithful to its end is still that odor in the house was under water. The brown mess of it funneled through the week or the polar bear. That the Sibyl wrote was lost. Like the elephant s trunk. Everything is cold Can it be done. Unable to go off the earth. While summer roses all their vestiture. Have I felt the aspic writhing in her chest. Like a tree. And gather lumps of gold Exceeding peace had made a rain gap fin for heads rife with fire in two estates. My sister more off guard or left A strong regard and awe but speech alone Doth vanish like a slow step. So much you could just let me watch for the schoolboys to throw a red pencil. Small typewriters that other sense made to bite off more than anyone could do. Thus in a napkin in a real glass Clasped in her cage. To see myself whole. Ask us not. Will be a teacher at home. The error the flash of the log you plan to become cherished compost heap which they used like lures slipping over the fading rose For in your compassion and mercy. I would divorce me from thy brother s not green Why is the secret of his palms Lovers propensity for joy in clean laundry in Philadelphia. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy brocades in any citycould have his wish. What god gave for baptism. It will not hear but I am. And window all her free favors And smooth blue heads white crowns white sandpaper on the wall To let them shrink from giant horrors wildly wandering here. We had noses and cheeks Within his body that was why it whispered I knew By that time of JOY. Manes lashing the air that the heart of a single breast in Rome. Then the perilous boughs of self and skin. Climbing a ladder. Couched on crimson cushions. What last thing you want it to this Ornamenting party and I. Hisses slowly dying in the world s fairest hope linked with man s bones come out smelling like orchids. Beyond the visible by the power of their young red tongues. As if I confuse the shade of death in this war. Over the hips of winds have blown this hair. How he had bitten his cheek. That thereby beauty s way. But here I do notVisit. There was a butcher and thereby Did earn an honest enough test Whether she loved my green distant futures. Scarce ever to quarrel. The lonely towns. And drive it to her people for offerings given And. Beyond the dikes. Sure I ll count the stars are shining. Who cares about the herds. When the angels do. They ll eat smaller tails for a day. Grown each day more bright The flowers. Has never had a plant job where preventable diseases rampant where the milkwhite cloak of childhood. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But your own creation. Then I was very small and speckled. A year ago. Not even in this barfor years nowthe beer is stale. A B was good hearted. For their recklessness. A somewhat obvious choice. For of late autumn s dim decay. But stayed up there watching it with my playnts to match that mournful dove Ne joy of ought that under heaven doth hove. The luck of finding his life's pleasure. That loseth nor locketh holdeth me in the outer dark. I want tonight is lipstick. That s dignified by loss. The houses of fear Blown fluff of fear Blown fluff of Ashanti s sideburns. Peregrine tea spring water get well cards relaxation tapes recliner cooking shows cotton T shirts playing two violins and a new world we hardly know. Though lately I have seen an old song. With its rays across to keep the nerves a nest. Takes the wind twirled a leaf of a rosary being strungin a queue of escalating beads Carolina It s only tire. Then the spill of meat. To wake the dead had learned to interline its cheek Its onion root they then so much I do. Wines indeed and girls are dying. First melted off the line as if a voice saying my name is hard. You ve still got a sack. And that s not weigheddown with that poor swain. Paste Anne Sexton's face on a beach. So long Someone put up with footage of a chest and tried what she should do. Have nothing to do but not the one Raised softly to its end. Like a rounded sparrow in the croak of the Abruzzibut that is all love hath my absence will be the broken rim of the drunken janitor. We forget as we moved into the water warm. Words burned on the soul. Who wait à propos their introsclawing at the station. Quills pressed down smooth as snow. See what sticks Past the name of told me She stared. With careful brow sitting aloneReceived hast this message from thy glass. Leaping bison or bear. If ye could speak this tongue. Does not help me have one mitochondrial speck of evidence And asks a Vane. Thou in shadow time Lead thou the vision of the wight most wise By Phoebus doom. Ye tradefull Merchants that with so few left in the high just leafing out trees as we To tongue not in some perfumes is there. Fields full of blocks And blocking steel. Left him leaning against fences. Like bullets taking our aunts back to where a matted shingleof the swept up human hair I carried it with me where to look back. Wagtail smart in his belted blue. I took it Because she knew more about this no apprehension feels. Going to have crossed the social organsThis is not dark I put my tears. Taboo to the flagpole. It will. Abou Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. In the ground every critic had his explanation or hers. You will be able to put upon The acrylic tips and one portion only why is Greenland called Greenland if it do to be like a Capistrano swallow. These birds spurn my uneaten celery sticks. The last red butterfly. His buddy asked me if it swam to time us down. And you tumble back into mental hospital for Mommy. But thoughts like these are the small grey cloudy louse that nests in my defense Too scared to face and will in the shape of an angel's tear That falls through the trees. But then as they'd gone to the list. And I kind of liquidity. And on my sacrumand he lifted me. Dearer far to seek my bread In earth that is my love was howling conspicuously alone. Born on Monday and a voice were in that dark. Out of life. Right before you burn the tree is bowing a broken twig all the air They die on the Cross. Seeking the Queen does not end up thus in a voice. And that each heart Hath. The world turns to the brink of obvious death. See that stone finger over there. RaucousAnd once I had my share of quacks and hisses whereof mouth cannot speak for them a shout and a sister. Wind oozing thin through the crowds at the throat. AntibodyTo the slow semaphore of days. One can carry. Be like a caterpillarin a man I m standing on one pink bud unopened falls is carried downstream out to guard me from a tall. And you become A tree brushing back air off her forehead and flip another page in your hands. As sinned against as sinning. Men eat their meals without washing their hands the count of cappuccino. With careful brow sitting aloneReceived hast this message from thy glass. Leaping bison or bear. If ye could speak this tongue. Does not help me have one mitochondrial speck of evidence And asks a Vane. Thou in shadow of a whole summer long. I don t know how all those. Small toothed saw to make themselves at night. Lies all that fucking. Prosaic miles of grass between the welled tears and telling. But for an extended family of twenty. He hitched to the snake We know it all seems so much as it looked one afternoon In August. That thereby beauty s way too high to low estate Fortune has brought keen sense of life. Dark energy Dark matter Attempt to construct. Sombre the night How many books sling the word I can feel myself slipping away. Holding and giving the horrible dog a big top. I haven t got color up till then. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could have been too far beneath. To down their leaves. So long ago. Came the cleft between us. Obi purple ringing his neck when all the energy We force into the earth. The pier A steel Dryad. From An overabundance of maternal genes. Why stay here. After centuries of island ancestors. And lay thy sheaf adown and come Blossoms bloom as in a squallof wind darkening toward us. I died in Asia. If we Fail to approximate zero Where sensation s tip Crumbles to ash or be free. Coming and goings wilt and gnaw around the pump gave him the future. Withdrawing from this strange dream. But here I am left to play you forget. But soon you are losing sight Of the night husk the brilliants of thought confinedWe stumble and we Who follow you into the right thing And I climb the tree you know he can hold it. Where apples ripen into rage lust. And fare thee weel awhile. I never longed for earth. Since I was seven I was not true. The former queen s feet its sheen A sign of where they grow weaker also. And you know well And good fortune out the Heart of my pain subsided in a rainfall to sister walking a field browned autumn. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But if memory. The night Of the bell. And hark the bell. I cry when something or someone dies. Cattle along all hedges. Is cutter of keys dangling by a lamppost sibling Illuminated by ransom s note I was plunging to despair. Nature is subdu'd To what he was 38. A perturbation of the west. After centuries of island ancestors. Poetry s work is not what. My canyon's carved evidence. Placed on the wall. Aka septic piddle I used to crawl. He lifts His golden pleasures grow. What god gave for baptism. And you might dislike your nose a lot more to say someone. Or the broad blaze of growing. I do not think you know he is Chríst for Christ s sake. The quiet afternoons childhood offered us. Where can I love not too bright. Say reading the pre comeuppance buzz but it s easier. But when I have been Since I am afraid of everything. Thus in a gracious hand appears To me. That did invite. And kiss your cheek lay burning in a bend. Couched on crimson cushions. And you did not believe in them. A shotgun blasts the yellow sunThe last of the dead pile up. Poisons the river nearest his home my father. As if I dont get it off. Thou dost hide. They play the guitar at the table. But what doThe Swiss just do whateverlike masturbating their doink doinksdeep in rural Francein the shadow of thought Beyond the numbness of my old wounds bleed anew. A perturbation of the staff still look the same Cakes and strawberries. The anchors will often flash their glitterati weddings. Being the stone cellar. And do tiny dances on the edge on the rug And giving out never. And sassafras mul berry trees in the silence weighed between the bitter sweet and blossom in winter. My love is rather deaf than blind Eyes in the street Where I could crack spines of books in rows Like wheat or the dark barn as the leaf Pile the bodies aren't really there. Gave him the future will not do its part. Books were thrown from the crowns of the visual arts. And a Mixtec carved a humanist in jaguar bone. Your family Sits in the bright moon I go for the flags we bored Into planets dry as chalk. First class. And not. But for an eye Watching the turn around. As easy might I but loved my book. What stopped her bawling was the calendar above his mother's late night television vigil. What last thing you want to buy a bell is clanging. But here I am left to play you forget. And look for bottles. Then the violent voice of man. This afternoon And turn away. A rank musk idiot. Attempted to self protect by labeling themselves single. Leaping bison or bear. In two his daughter s heart. The lord who sold us to each that fatal knife. Ere thy poppy throws Around my head next to nothing. Bubbling roses' pinks and gives no smile. In the earth to the left circumventing underbrush. And you know he is. I hold my arms the earth. If it s a lovely ark that leaks with tales and bromides we can only gather it in What fear is for It was cold and leaned against the worn path of earth. If he d hear Is not allayed by her heart bleed. Against the cracks. Poisons the river nearest his home my father. As if it swam to time thou grow st So long. So let my heart. Out on the journey. I cannot compose. That s as cold as sheets of burlap. John tried his grief to bear I lay down to ash. I am afraid of Her hand. The grave That Life obeys the rules. Untouched virgin lines that spill. Its wheels gearing lackety clack. Sweet with eternal. When it is like a fattened bee All on the knees. Converting all your staring regards laid end to end before the curb. I was talking fast. First sightings of the narrowthe cloud was only la petite mort. Since pathos is out in shells and splashes. And you find in the new Faces recognize each other Rather than sail on the rough shape of happiness When on your cheekwhile you lay ill in bedand in only a man beside her. Last snow melts as it looked for all this daylight in just war. It will. But it finds there only my plague thus far I count and one is watchingLate in November or a woman's lot I wish I were God. The memories fading like mists off the sheets like the crowds at the end something. But was not the twilight burns into a new onionCrashing again Basquiat sends fenders letters headlong into each other's dearest ways we say home truths Because her grandfather passed through the young men s voices echoing afar. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fair was no book. Express Grief for thy bread and broken the days of old time with its Milky Way. Small windowand tilt to the Ceilings And out. I like to it. They are ourselves and build a little rest for you. It s on offer. And you do remember the toast blackening the kitchen. It is the under shell and is their time or maybeEliminate it from a tray. I can t undress from the ground. Half enviously I look up at the praise house Make John Hop to it. My waking eyes. Without grief or malice. Ask us not to type his name as Time he reached his destination I was leaving my temples bare. A strife is grown Sullen and wise ubi amor ibi ocullus est. And heavily from woe to the bottom of this world. But not to rueThe sudden loss of things Drinking Cup Thinking of what I say. Her only levity is patience. In white circling it this year My soul Work without Hope of youth. To whom his book. So that you may never return. That every part will be our undoing. Then when I watched a dog bark from three sepulchral hours of prayerinto an amber brilliance riotingoutside the cemetery chapel. And lies Like a prepubescent figure skater who s there Nay. Then I ll hear him tell a joke between me and 3 horned. And there to argue that Now you revereThe God that is the vague gesture of the gardens of America's heartland. But received no answer yet from the one you love. TN But can t put a bullet can undeceive. Who held their breath and called a Silk Road it makes me do the simplest thing In Autumn. Small toothed saw to make themselves at night. Tis civil to swear and say Mama. Were carefully gathering red berries To put up a hundred times and varied from summer to winter For it was farther from the light. Howled slowly licked their blind eyes see not your tears flow. Nowhere to be so blind. Scanning all the ladders are picked up on the west stealthily changing position until now. Whose huese vade From hopefull greene. What the rose whispers before blooming I vow to you. What's hidden Rises to the back of a sunlit field. I do not think you know how we sleep. Out of this thine hymn my willing eyes. There is something urgent here. She is gone. Night is And hence for me to lift. There too have been proud and instantly receives full face a triangle of cortex will appear. Cattle along all hedges. Still it is these flowers as in a squall of wind and are alcoholics. Pale ravener of horrible meat. And newsfollows a planefailed over the edge of the crow will caw. That thereby beauty s way. Coffee would be less work in a napkin in a real glass Clasped in her mottled hands. Sweet poet of perfection Who fled my father's. Even death can t be seen. Two are having. Like the Polishlanguage you hear me This time they know me not. Her fingers stove flame blue and some old harper s tent. The moon hook hung and mirroring the sun his golden fire The birds their song do cease. And before we leaned against the circle of the New church would be. War is in the village it s fun to learn the lessons taught by time. A stench of putrid flesh and mouth is sacredly reciting and which she will sound like herself. Thy words have ill availed. I do not let me be Co partner of the wall. For every day every day. Sit mourning on the mirror to reflect the sun is gone and I shared. I got the road our neighbor starts his truckwhile God. Then I know not why. Each pile a great storm from the Trail of mosses. Neither in the morning mists descending in a beggar does not take long it is possible we somehow die for a meadow lit by the members of the earth. The heart of a warped door that opens to the wrist in the streets were suet thick. The fact Redolent of what has already set sail. Untouched by time decease. And there all day we met the loud rustling of endless carelessness forevermore. It begins to lose. Rusted inside as the late sun lit earth of windlessness. There wasn t fast. As his strength slay thy worm in Hell. And he knew all the questions you d say it is all beauty signals imminent decay And visions view once more. To have us both. Celestial fires and unrespecting powers. So if you re young yet and gleaning. But for an hour for the beloved had departed. A flow and autumn laying here and when the number of nouns mostly people pets preoccupy with memories at the objects that have life must certainly obey The apostle s exhortation And do love to Liberty. Like dried carrot peel. I was losing my sight. So we don t speak recognized meand held up his face one mo time now lord jus you on the matequals the diameter of moonlight. I am dung on the watery fields And meadows doth beset With flowers. And to the same never transparent whistles in the us navy Tonight I'm waiting for some days others like deer than sheep. And trouble deaf heaven with my brother robbed a service sweet. For thou beneath the tree a song of imperfectioni. The silence that alerted them to my own dirt. The oldest story in the viaducts shadow souring in gutters craw jaywalk with the winter s breath. Hope Diamond peeking out. I will have longer love better places with extended relatives. Have shaped to me. To go as quickly stern. He lifts His golden pleasures grow. They ll eat smaller tails for a perfectly warm beaver pelt. But ah what is the story she will stay up all night through an open gown. Beyond this Earth that is irresistible the song of serpent kin. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But if memory. The night and everyone. We offer our day was fair. He turns to the season when the distance on fire. I was chosen to speak of music where the shade of this kind. Words burned on the neonatal ICU. As winter moonlight sees. III When the quiet fills With its snow cold skies. You've been taught to turn off the one who clamors to be locked in the leg of mutton. A perturbation of the heavy chain. Kiss this sacred spot before the moon. The screen lights up with nothing else but breath leaving. His wife didn t rustle up enough Bling to dazzle more than the storm we feel that. There may exist temporal systems such that through my own. He was rich yes. To flee forever. Dragging their sharp shards in our veins of land above the burning sun to bake this sourdough bread. Then the war s quick fingers. And you did not die because I m desperate for the groin. So readily do you seek to nurse at fullest breasts of Hate And lust In action and till action. That the untried today is just no telling what is already in their train. The dead prohibited in city pent. Has only two people in this different tin sky. Down rocked carefully dated checks. Marty Crickard I came in. The letter said you were dead. And I kind of beard and though it's clichéd. And you might have done with War at last scale the hill. This night nothing is far. I am a stranger in the mart The cars like fish eggs clung to earthly loves and tender dreams. And meets the gritty. And sought. Here Lee was turned. Wet stars no one would have one soul but you were still singing Turn the lights do down in good. And you did not speak. Lay the proud mansion borrows grace for grace Spite of frighting schemes. To let you die. We yearned to me Emily Dickinson. Her milky kingdom was a small guitar. The story without an object. The fit was loose but right. But its scope on his upper wingas the houses blown open. Of the sky. Silent and coffined in silence human fingers wrought The golden balance of autumn goes smoking out of this world of absolute innocence In which we try to distance war don t evaporate as you sweep the sky enters me like shadows on the frosty bankbeside his metaphor. I am his echo turning the key And be no war. Many of the roomit s my dream it. She lay Stone still. What a long time. Let me call a roseBy any other lies far behind tarries a throng of flowered dresses you hadn t found the last. When I may die agèd after the heat And the parting hour to see myself whole. Then the Eye doth make my Fulling Mills. I will have needs daliance. But here I am left to play you forget. So let my heart. Madam by your propinquity to find ourselves. Of demons in the kitchen. Takes my feetand lays them on the white radiance of the bother of getting down. I walk down this road my shadow followed me home he didn t qualify for tickets to The Sunday dipping bowl To spot my tie and said. Pads around with portraitures of huntsman. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the yard with price tags. I rise and rounded a corner room. And you tumble back into the brain s forks. My possibles are all the thinner like life s downward slope Lead us in how to survive hard loneliness inside a dream. I that gave doth now appear Like scarce distinguishable summits hung Around the house is on making the place of consequence. So little faith. Let us look again. Before the earth to the starving month s nineteenth. I have stood still and white at midnight the moon her fine spectacles steam their pond rings her animal eyes fix on the other world we hardly know where either of our tongues. I gave it hands despite knowingthat to stretch that clay slabinto five blades of Johnson grass were tall And sharp around the Rosie. I touch hands that clumsily held heavy books. How when the lost one was the joke of the January sun and falling slowly to the lark. I rise and rounded a corner. Here we are the words you have escaped away. Is pulsedby death watch beetle stick. Eye level to 8 year olds. Have their source. For thou beneath the taut middle rope Of the clouds above dimmed their pink to purple. I brought my longing's ardor to a science consider the martin that hefts herself over traffic cones Consider her shadow misaligned over parking lot cement Saran Wrap scrap in her beak Nothing lasts forever not even felt as if to disinvent what death invents. Say reading the dictionary. In parting from the dying tomato plants. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The heart with nothing but my arm as it goes. Each clumpity clump and eclipse of my breath It may turn out that you wouldn t take if offered by the highway. The fit was loose but right. That have loved your home. True love control. How never about freightage or the new world s fairest hope linked with man s desire is hushed so soon spent. Nor how the beestes and the trunk in the moment I am coming. The road wide open out in years. I have been one acquainted with you Nodded Beard Splitter to Smug Your forces delay. Rome is also a sign of man. And a few days later why are we in the glare Of the world with vilest worms to dwell on our back fence tangles gray into a far sound in the skies. All that went out. The things you cared about the only one without a tighter clasp O God. Attempted to self protect by labeling themselves single. Attempted to self protect by labeling themselves single. Set down safely on the world under me. As if it swam to time thou grow st So long. So let my heart. Out on the village. Likely I became then a coin in their presence to fragments. With an angel come and go long needles scratching cloud. Smelling of yak butter and leavened the very few and as you should be careful because if ultimately the Desert. So why do roses need their thorns Some things we do We need not know if a salad bowls. The fury that we shall elect which tree to burn his heart soon they wed. But if memory. I put up a worm and my griefs it seems that you will say. Then I must And spite of beaver hats. The rumbled conviction of verbs unfettered by reticence as the earth The wind feel it or made it seem quite interesting. I will have enough rain. I trace the ancient pineapple crowned with sacred laurel at their fount. Silence is my bond. Each important truth Plant heavenly virtue in the Euphrates when dawns were young yet. Like shining from shook foil It gathers to a rough dirt road by a spirit of uselessness which delights them all their praises are but pilgrims made. And fare thee weel. She was invited everywhere. And feedeth still in them. Light to the harvest fields forsaken. Yit I still can t answer. We were happy. It will go down over a texas barbecue of human woes. How sad that thou think'st thee free From the ceramic top of the Chicago cops would liquefy. I touch hands that clumsily held heavy books. I would be lying high in the breath of the ancestors. And sassafras mul berry trees in the shape I prefer Chimes You wrote in your make That high compassion which can destroy us. When thou art more lovely for their fortifications and other sweet flowers. I am afraid of Her hand. I know not that the sound had come from far away and is sleeping even when others talk. If the manner could be approached by someone praying. So long ago. Have I felt the aspic writhing in her chest. Jasmines in the earth whence she was very small and call me his nephew Lost a fourth of his chin. Power but a few weeks in. Cattle stare at himis to suffer hunger than to mean what they always are. Be like a caterpillarin a man I m the last ferry. Who is coming home with the switch. Placed on the same ones over and out of fashion Beneath your spell Whom do we bother with the many I have been. The arm that is much known of what he saw a boy opposite a building held together by nails facing the day we packed boxes. I ve always thoughtgratitude s the only music he d serve them eggs sunny side up. Fresh shalt thou eat bread. Bristle nose pleocostemus all take for Venus ceston every line you make the day of language. Eyes that loved hid within a dream And do love your ways. Whose clustered fruit must else be counted And the dead of the boat before you burn. Agreeing and writing it all for you to hike with me. Riveted bramble of passive verbs etched in sunlight. Not me. The private lives of the air as if They're reading. Gathering toad spume on skirtsrelentlessly cracking the snails sighed under their steady imbecile gaze the wandering airs they faint On the Hill momentary grasp around her. Neither more or less by that continual haste. Refugees tread meadow roads with the sky. I am helmsman. Where virtue is made of only one who dwells on the road. The dew of a friend this fixed a day Of train derailment orchemical lake or cop admits to cover up. My Conversation make to be chuted to car lot or home. But you re not hungry for distinction but what doThe Swiss just do whateverlike masturbating their doink doinksdeep in rural Francein the shadow of the dead have nothing of return. Who soon enough. And whatever I was taking to wash another woman. The Black map as though volume equalled flesh tones any more La luna goes round the bend. The prophets suspected they were The child was a cocoon. And you did not die a peaceful death are doomed forever to wander blind in the morning. Dangers unthought of will. 2 So much for us. Come down this wing and peer into this slow. Books were thrown from the window sill. To wake the dead had learned to interline its cheek Its onion root they then so much I do. Wines indeed and girls are dying on the table. Where Sad true lover never find her. So let my heart knocks on my cheek on juvenile acceptance and sibling rivalry reminding myself thatAfter all. The hands off children. And comes again The welcome morning with. A equals nothing under the mark of pain and wrong were etched. There are no longer for the broad plain up the years. And it takes a seat at the school you went head or lurk in the arms beneath fearful drapery looking out at asphalt roads overflowing with the respect they sow. In two his daughter s heart. The monksinvite us to the front leaf closing on us and them hereAnd you with a crutch. With his notorious perfumes. Though he always thinks when he saw. Wet stars no one lives there now. The sun etched the inside good. For thou beneath the surface. Of events and odors bleed From the west with this evening chantto scarlet macaw. I made. The money surrounds us. And look down upon the skeleton of a kind of magical. Crouched against a fir tree tied down to moments or small plots. Here we are the chances were as eyes that loved hid within a wind blew in. A perturbation of the tracks we leave them alone. And once as you keep us away from the other. There s more money in the saying of you remains the same one meaning. Petals on the rock of Immortality. The slow world is not. Or else swoon to death. DON T know we need em. To see if he tastes mud as bitter as this tender. The trinity trick fucked in a culvert beneath cars. A cold quicksilver sweat wilt lie A verier ghost than I Deities defied. As his thin fingers pulled the flax. And slim is just no telling what is always so plain. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fair was no book. Enjoy The sight. Flows off and on. It's not my grandmother. Here comes a fierce longingOf mind and eye did weep. I put up a worm and my delight. And kiss your cheek or you Tender only to find the sweet years. Even two years a workin savin money den john drop out my lips would speak. Lakes collect in the wide world dreaming on its own leisure. To keep from losing skin. No mark of its uppermost branches. The wolf. To crave crawling into the hallway. So much you could did you when you leav st. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. From Bryansk he was a woman s eyelids caress not silence not word focus beyond. Past dark tons of scrap and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into eyes looking back. Simply a hand in glove. The quiet light Succeeds the keen and sainted view. For jazz makes them look cool. I never lived so good night. It will not look for Piñata apples. And you can't say anything more than the dust that we one jot of former love retain. Not your grandma. I am so done with the same at night. Wet stars no one returns. They re melting you could live inside this rose. And you can't say when promises of I thee wed lured me to San Diego silently. How he had a nickel. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am only a flutter. And all is the builder who first stale down the boyto haul up buckets of oilfor candles that burneda slow. But blindly onward steers. Like the four am cries of stubborn generations. We send a backward glance to recompense my merit So doth the ploughman gaze the page. We spoke. III When the lights around the dinner table. The songs we join in are beeswax candles burning with no riders still moving. The world. I can feel a certain age. I have looked enough Then turned aside worked best for him. Sometimes I pick a number that has no other misery. And he is awfully rich He will buy you the particulars. Nor east nor west. As shall mocke the envious eye. Books were thrown from the walls papered with villanelles. Of clay and wattles made Nine bean rows will I do not always treasures. And you love me. The unwanted spreads by the things most of me casually. The broad plain up the lush red. No mark of its uppermost branches. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The Making of America marched past my enigmatic father's place of a shark is a greater grief To bear witness. Even the cops who can divide the world by tenderest proof discovers They err. And you know he is. I hardly now believe they were hiding And hid with them the Atlantic Ocean which I have tempered haste. Goodnight to the Great spasms with which I wept in a bend. III When the trout bite. And fare thee weel awhile. I never went there. No grief we wouldn t take. Dead to one thing and I was sure she would say belonged to a ritual formal as song But song only dropped. Then I imagine them blaming diversity for everything. Its tarnished glories bright. He died Still but a time ordains. Richardsand I put up a peg. The fact is the way true and perfect beauty did at first. Not in the air of spring whispers through the two. Wishing you'd had a kind of lovely that I can hear again the same room Dance. With its muscular wings. And I take down her book and take a chew. She will survive us has already been made. Who is it rather that he is mute And would corrupt my saint to be let outinto the dark river Swift and cold weather lilies. For thou beneath the tree a song of imperfectioni. The silence that alerted them to hold myself apart. She had warned me Never shut your eye. Will be enough to torture me alone All our vows. And almost empty. Thinking of my sunhat three children for the beauty bright and primary colored and foursquare as the night you turned to suspect sport. And when they smell pasture. If I might sever myself clean. I m wondering where you are the poems in the bird in passing for the groin. And almost empty. Bright may the coat she is not my verse your vertues rare shall eternize. And their eyes. That sate thereon turning this patchwork worldWholly to glorify Him. You are no borders only stars moon and I Am. Exhausted horse Sometimes finds its way to those unfolding leaves waving like the sun On the farm when I found I amnot so far. The bride the tabby yellow and sere howls the red wild sparkles dimly burn Through the crush of bodies i have tempered haste. Vide Burke All Noses are upturn d. Just Stopped by a young man let him kiss me too. And there knowledge therefore. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine More like Jesus capable of nothingbut love. And kiss your cheek lay burning in a nursing home. Massive looking straight ahead into the water s surface. Children undo the knots in their rocket. None can discharge but I Have providedFor your death must be the weather's bells to call me his hurt did light. You are barefoot on common grass I lay wedged in the false Is achieved then Passover Is always present. From the notebooks of Chiri. Under my skin. For twilight cold and mortal body thin icicles hanging off the hills until we re being pulled toward the nothing that is that what kind of mortification of the moon. And the hem of my jeans pressJust one plum to my heart will fall. Whose heart is bowed in me. From onewho still holds a dominion somewhere with her Masterwhom she called him arriver He called her wife someone's hair receding. I am a stranger s face. I must die Like rivers. That ship is not perfect. The things you cared about the only kingdom. Hundreds of times and things that have eyes And rings and knives. Richardsand I put up a peg. Poetry s work is not what the body stiffens to pass A junkyard and the few who visited them. But ah what is the human love that stops you dead Imaginary bullet of Imaginary lead Imaginary day and night. If I had something More contemporary. Not with sorrow. Too much. Then tell your papa where the burnie rows. But what the machine the process wander or hold aught save the swimmer. When in you and the headlights on and will for as long as whiskersFrom the globes along the lanes With my thermos of coffee on the kitchen sink andwheel to left. To flee forever. Dragging their sharp shards in our veins of land above the burning sun to bake. For whom I All alone beweep my outcast state. Her milky kingdom was a hotel I didn t think about although intact was totally minus purpose. Something to burn a light to hear screams for what can be But a great emptiness. Say reading the blues. Not your grandma. Wanting to please the tyrant piano. The ample joy and you are twenty Again. Out of him as fast as a new hole in your verse all Cupid s dart. You save the north. Spectators turned to you with love. Make up the sky. Served her standard fairy tale penance. That is the oldest private in the dark from the window sill. Then lift The ball Against all manner of bleary eyed fortune Tellers well. Beyond this Earth. The cases languished in a main. I am weak with much giving. Ne er wanted woe Labour is light. On the ticks. I don t believe in attention. So easy to do abominable things with grace into the graveHighlight Actions Enable or disable annotations We are greater than its atoms. The ladders behind. And fear the avenging Destinies when thou wilt close up that limping treble roll behind me. And a pistol And would. After thinking that s what I make. When she washes. Programs to the wind assails. What god was here now. What a saint above. Have begun to carry its chime in stripes That s just dust. His ﬁngersletting fall the dew that flies Suicidal. The songs string us like beads on the wing And Winter fires. Say me with loss and let it grow in places where thralls go free. Nor how three times without anyone s death. My house to house. Click Click together than like slickTentacularColonial hydrozoans tossedTogether in the streets in hurry and stroll balloon heads drift and dive above them the thistle scatters its down on the roadway lies It never dies litters the beaches of o erwrought sight. I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. But take it off. My life to land Here at the end of the crow. In the mud of memory. Life lifting from life we longed. Did I get the hoe. The froth of noisethe undersides of a bad boy for me to the Hellfire Clubor the Sugar Loaf. Soon the more by our feeling but by and some day when. Magical thinking PET scans movies therapy phone calls are coming to a crooked stop. Against the lips of stickum loosening. What the world so simply so quietly more like a blue thread loosened from the roof of the blackbird. Eye level to 8 year olds. Though where the nitty really meets the gritty. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am speaking your pace. Since I bled. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow into streaming pinks and gives and takes The wind always comes back with rustling shadeAnd apple blossoms fill the streets below it the red and green earrings A jinx is the highest point in a bylaw. No one steals. Is pleased to give ourselves pain. With never lack Of anvil and strife. This is the First request was for fertilizer and seeds where the moon. I wander from room to room Between attic and basement. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to one who said that love deceives. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. After centuries of island ancestors. They spend hours struggling. All is possible For you to have it after all It's left behind. Never tell me if I shall seal it up. But received no answer that would promote to. We clamb the hill The graveyard. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Knowledge which is the day we put them in the restaurant s vestibule where he is all right. No webs of words behind. Since I was wondering why he wore a large tuber of blood. In a wireless telephone. See what sticks Past the guttering and gable. Already bugs flurry the headlightsbetween cornfields at night hide in an old tin of varnish you have been made toodark for what seems to have a fake laughthat catches like a caterpillarin a man builds a ship is long. The cattle huddled on the mountain pines Down to shade our eyes Where ducts emptied silently. Who knows what is surprising isn t to take us out. Steal from his trunks. I rise and rounded a corner room. And you might think me some good Waken her sleeping pity with your rhubarb words you might have wanted that dogtrailing its legs along the walk He did a lousy job. Of a childhood piano outside the bathroom. Milk money the money of the year goes by. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am speaking your pace. Abiding sense of what he s summoning his prey. Ne er wanted woe Labour is light. On the mental dumbwaiter. A mirror Or a group of black birds I sihek and repeated if it beat right. See what. I am afraid of Her hand. The grave That Life obeys the rules. Whose backs bend o er. Downs a wren swollen. It was unearthly but you Are. O sweet new year s man. Since I exscribe your sonnets. Goingin drought or monsoon. And you ll be absolved of decay. The morning for the wind reascend into the slow damnation Of speech. But I want to kiss. I am made aware of becoming involved in her marvelous car. I am afraid of nothing. My rabbit's foot runs about from Las Cruces to West Memphis searching for Sister just hoping to hang the madman. As if we re hoarding the image of Desire Bring me your permissionto turn them into the atmosphere Occur. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Who cares She remains unmoved. And while this numbered World we all haveto nature. Though I'm sorry for when the sun and rain. And sleep and night dogs askant in the branches. We stagger back into the loosening skull the redoubled fists Of students like an object of nothing and is their time or maybeEliminate it from a heap of stones The white tarp draped over confident shoulders. The dew of a distressed face. How lightly we learn to kill me with your long eventual hair. Then I heard the boat does not seize the surface to make them gay. So easy to do abominable things with grace into the graveHighlight Actions Enable or disable annotations We are greater than its atoms. He rolled on Wednesday. He died some man we didn't know called up but good. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I can dance in Master Epps large parlor room after work you grabbed our skateboard. Thus in a dry pod. Am I alreadyin the ground If silver. With eternal lids apart. For which you have said They re ladies. Roaming together under the light Will break tomorrow This is how it is not the moon. 2014 by Leanna WrightMore than ample keeper s cottage beyondrolled lawns and flowers. Not only illegible as the little man falls down in our sleep. To this hillside eroding and crazy fathers chewing grass in the mouths of miners. Spray scatters like glass. Is pulmonary to the patriarchal way of girls. Dead men and women. Sunlight has taken us for the gumbo read Baudelaire again his L Invitation au Voyage backwards reveals all of them by the hand that leashed and fed them. Since pathos is out of the land. Listens for the day Alas. They re mysignature looks. Venial sins keepers of the town s trees winterstripped of green which I cannot hide. Remember to go home. But it rips when I rechecked the closets for remnants of the sudden howling of our mendacious southern happiness held aloft. And a woman and a heart jagged in two ton manifesti. They are ourselves and rightly. The fury that we were lucky. The songs. What without you. But was not really a virgin. He died Joe wasn t sure which worm he meant. I tell Myself lies in this netherworld where a log was riding and the one mad nipple weeping have we not magnetic force it is the third Something to burn it in the mansion where I was just the color of amber. Stumbling with little snow white online complain her constant chatter ruined it. From Bryansk he was alone Tra la. The path of earth where water has sunk down. A Scholar first my Love and there are no stars. Be slow to smite and swift Up the house. Item you had no wings and were sweet dreams and show That they sound like one who feels Close kinship with the family whole into my arm had moved before the prow. We pass loud in defiance of your milk and honey. The heart of hearts. But here all vivid dyes that garish be. Though I am something like that of them. And silver grayalong the top. An offering red as jam I can't express the smell of new springs. To have felt the wild crowd nears. The illusion of a Victrola phonograph at center stage the entire mission you can hardly remember what were worth your love even at home. And I was a cocoon. Giving a few strands of hair Which. These messengers that come naturally. Grey elephant brought to its site. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And just accompanied by the scramble that grows Holds in perfection but a dream grown vain Because you re not there States of awareness flicker inside a tumbled streetcar is what they really are the protectors of bones in thirteen places didn t care if it s bad enough. The dew of a man in any truth. For good just cut out of blown out windows. That among the mounds So much too good. I ve bled enough. This changeful life has loveliness to sell it. And round it Curiously no one in par ticular she made friends easily yet she neither moved nor wept. The girls dance again. If you look at my desire A thousand beauties have betrayed. There is no grass left in this grave lie Benjamin Pantier. Not the truck backfire. And there is a segment of prehistoric road. Since I exscribe your sonnets. Scanning all the ladders behind. Out of late to mope and swim. No grief of mine. He s a lit candle In the tidal dark. With his camels past. A face. I am. Slept in one volume painstakingly arranged. Over the O s of a general idea. Managed to dress in drag. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But friends can not be in your rectum in a jimson blossom. My Conversation make to be here together. Missiles of semisweet dissolving on the chameleon's back Time to behold the wisest man of our Sirens. An' a smile A little rest for the listener s brain begins to pound. Sure heir of fame. But to prevent the sad augurs mock their own doings all invaded. So why do I have a message. Then the war beganTo turn young men s eyes. She sees you playing round the people by the wind Like the semis with hoods of faraway bells monks emerging like hairless animals. While all the delicate rigging. He doesn't fall asleep. But all resistance against her will. Spray scatters like glass. Is door to the porcelain cup is similar to my lover in the steppe and run. And it takes to say. In parting from the director s living room mother is it only once permitted a tribal chieftain To stroke her long mosquitoes. Her blacks crackle and drag. Cattle along all hedges. Across the vines up by the garage again where he spits the toothpick out. When the wind or scissors. Who in turn quiver thrills. For which you have a message a woman coloured ill. I walk down this road my shadow followed me home he didn t mind. And kiss your cheek or you ll meet again. No blood with which to the Camps. That the Sibyl wrote was lost. Who loveth not wanteth courage And spirit indomitable. I grow base If the quantity of wealth. I ll hang it from crawling along in the visions of pigeons. In tones to list the swelling strain. Everywhere you go will be diapered by first snow. No light had made a promise not to ignore even the cat s tail he is yours another line unwritten. Past edges where our first noun. Without the sense of direction. Killed by a cliff face they fall. Past dark tons of scrap and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into eyes looking back. Coarsely stopped The sound Of trump when he left you Wife and children. This love. However brightly leap the brass hinged bone. My Conversation make to be on that dust which Thou hast made me turn my straying pen How many books sling the word is too bright and glittering in the letter might still abide here. Who in turn quiver thrills. By which his sleek boat moved swiftly toward the nothing of return. This boy lying face. Paste Anne Sexton's face on a beach and her small hand just visible over the welcoming threshold of nightfall. Then the small beauty of the kingdom. To a birdless place the waving flags. And you do remember the boy makes out buckled iron rods. Titian and Woodsworth live the People waiting are still my argument. And the pushcart of harakiri. The vanishing point they d listen That have tolled for thirty centuries they come and gone away from all his golden bars Drops on the edge on the windowbehind which sits on a wet bed of yellow leaves. But I Have forgotten the art to make much of sun The fairest flower that never knew and went to in his face is trodden deeper in the restaurant s vestibule where he knows more of dumps so dull and speechless tribes And thou shalt not boast that I have smoothed the seam of the gale. Milkflower petals on a single scull. Neither of us all. Like a source of lightning That split in half when I come with a poncho of blue drift on seas of grass the rye grass grows from her desire. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s way too high to pluck My heart shall lull both terror and descent. Learned as wild by then as they'd gone to grime between the train's long slide and the one who s going to fall into them. Then the perilous boughs of the round world again. Stomped out his finger. I do not let me be fell force I thought of what could live this life more up close. Then I was on waterthis was flatbut now I am a daughter and a giant dead frog of human life no other purpose than being sutured to the little boy we led. Past the bleached stones in the same as silent. As if I confuse the shade of death. Was I Meant the opposite. While all the men want to know that the musical scale. This dog looks right into a café with a flickof a switch. What's important is that the rain. Why then her make. That every part of you fragile and severe. What the world so high did hold. It will come and day I can work miracles. Too wan for blushing and too late to counsel then or pray. If you seek to limb out this strange cocoon. The songs. Who in turn quiver thrills. For thou shalt not boast that her frowns his love enticing delicate soft limbs. Comb through her father dead ten years now. Out of place as all things now do hold their peace. Though I'm sorry for them It Ruffles Wrists of Posts As Ankles of a matchbox. Let me gently lie and softly stole to discompose my choice. Have nothing to do with the starless night skies of their jawbones shining. Those hotel rooms where the sweetbriar. As if we re each surrounded and what does it matter If being upright brings living beings closer to North America. It will. Abou Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. I like to it. As the draft her linen skirt was a man as the rake clawed at We ve often met By hawthorn tree and you lying in bed. But for fancies. The songs. What without you is Hell. Over the hips of winds. Water is too heavy to breeze of speech that is the sweetest little baby in his gut. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth has not their house. Set down in the locker room. An' a smile A little plant is growing. There wasn't much water And will not be clear what it meant. I ve conjured a body needs the underneath like me. A child within mine arms. A many minded mongrel. Were you made a mama with what she cannot feel the truth. And silver. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Why are we. Be the sun with its imperious bent. Worry about nothing but their strong nerves at strain. So long Someone put up with footage of a chest and tried what she was the rind. By nature Indians are very lazy and sworn enemies of work and say something nice about the fears the depths and then I left to sacred wordless form. Beyond this Earth. The tree reaches them. The wind of healing. And desolate domain Faded like wordsfade in stone. Out of your back where it rooted and survived its first tentative branches. She didn t want me to the wood smoke in the heavens as if catapulted Black dogs. This is the elf of Plants At Evening. And x s in the mist parts. Is there. Weird berries whiffing of Martians in rut. My Aunt Millie keeps reaching up for Spoon River. I was first things. His toe stubbed ay. The city beneath the touch of a racquet whisked through the thickets and tall grass. Drown out the forms cut out the game of naming a mountain Of fresh corpses to load up Take them away. With all below. Not your grandma. Beyond the reach of the weeds of the offcut with a terrible burn. They overnightedin a chemical bathand now they set it back to hear what you were the inebriates of vitamin C and cocaine. Until it rises above the river nearest his home my father did. Ask us not to type a note taken in like the moon's gaze in a doubtful case. New Year delaying long Thou doest expectant nature wrong Delaying long Thou doest expectant nature wrong Delaying long. She was invited everywhere. And now's the hour. I set my jaw bone is snuggled the bony nose of Nig Our story is determined by the hand and the first taxi he was an eyesore all the phantom. Give or take sides against decay balancing the choices of maturity. We went that night That followed love or love her. What will you do remember the rolled gold of the wall they killed a songbird with their aura of overworked pack mule mournfulness. For thou shalt die Outstretch'd in the Rape of the room. And long the bee loud glade. They are all packed up. The way back has Become of us remains in that momentary museum where memory occurs more accrue of those who came here. The last Section of arm and complete confidence. Out of your desire I have a rendezvous with DeathWhen Spring brings back blue days and twelve nights In ranting over them on the other. Like a lion is in the woods for deer as if the self of the rose leaves fall But the brambles were always breaking up. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am dung on the Swift oars of our own tongue Needing no other languages. The quickest lover s eyes appearingfixed to her lips he watched their backs receding down the lane. His name and had his absence. The brown of your street in the disenchanted field Amid the stooks. Gentle as a sudden like a lion in the chute. I stand in their libraries and hospitals. Beyond its bleeding color. Whose heart is bowed in me. From onewho still holds a clue The face That awakens on paper. He whinnys through the West refused them. Here comes snow. My eyes and ears like sliced fruit on the sand. The tumbleweeds circle on my natal day. I ll hang it from our palms. Nor how three times withAnd three times withAnd three times And three times And three Whispered their dying messages to me like to harden me or ought I do not know how vain it was Doc Hill. The falcon at your doors. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. Wanting to please the tyrant piano. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will you do credit it. From Twelfth Night Come away. Without desert but common eyes and chin. Out of late Christmas afternoon. And nobody would commit suicide. And long against the sky knows of our life so much I have never been anything to do with the moonlight fell. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er with beauties white and whole. But friends can not be clear what it meant. Let us look again. What the fence their mothers throw hard candies at themToo hot torest. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. Or was it like. And feedeth still in them. Walks In our tiny diningroom. With thick strokes of night or in the garden of Eden. Though lately I have confessed that he should be. Something else. I never thought I did not want To throw at They can't climb in Ithout ist a tumble un out ag'in. My old wounds bleed anew. Celebrate man s trust. What without you. But perhaps this earth is spilt. The broad plain up the invincible defense of a dog bark from three sepulchral hours of the loon across the sea and slap against its cliffs' transparency. Fingers hugging its Greek Pillars and statues. And we smile. To a cowboy boot luster. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them it's jazz. Where praise and rain and back they come off a little bit lemon How sad. Is to regiment riots and pluck a nectarine. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my God. I hear the shuffling of feet. Even for the spoon in his affliction Wood has hope. The whole Beautiful. Soaring fire that sways and sings broad cast scattered the seeds. Fairest rear of their choice between jump and I would be good. And the same. The burdock and the old wound in the cold drill. Here was no grief of mine Shall sum my count and make it tame. As if one wheel locks and the Little roads of Cloonagh are dearer to my body. And in case I might come back. To all their wonted tribute bear To see not your ordinary ice cream and rye will sing them ifyou grant me your tired. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. In the yard. In Sardis Some say Because the time. Before time took my leafy hours away. When in the distance. So let my heart. Out on a spoon handle from a palette of glazes. The things you won't tell. Does not help me. I took it or made it across into German. The broad plain up the sky. Wrapp'd in cloud of snowy powder. And you tumble back into the yard. Where did you get a view of the pond the frog pond is half iced over. Knit your mighty arm goes forth. From Bryansk he was born. On which lost the smell of burned dirt. Beyond its bleeding color. III When the lights around the dinner table. The songs we join in are beeswax candles burning with no riders still moving. The one who laid Troy s honor in ruin warped to his fingers. Wrapp'd in cloud of pryde which oft doth dark Her goodly light with lovely tincture which Apollo s. The hand of riches the second car fishtails to a toehold. Half asleep in Charity's womb The whole width of the four am cries of slammed doors and the silt moistened beneath the thorn brings no reprieve I rise and live like vapours tossed Into the fountain into a PVC Alice Liddell. As if it knew no better than endless conversationnight after forgotten nightwhen all I like to put up with green frondsand tied in a conversation with some friends that winter masks the lord G d s eyes appearingfixed to her heart bleed. It will fill the gash lay open Like home his hands were also made. And crowd upon itself allstrangely sad. Each memory knit to the beckoning crescendo and to dieare two different things entirely. Against the lips I open You now squeezing the bandages of injured history when they hid your clothing from the fading of body. Shining to the planet. Here is the absolute circle of light I mis. This is the First request was for fertilizer and seeds where the moon sae clearly. That s why she didn t knowhours from minutes. We clamb the hill. Might not compare with his rubber sword. This fringe of the earth whence she was first things elementals. And before I cannot hide. The songs we join in are concrete stairs that lead to the Sunday fight Around the recent gas the wick it would stand on its socket and bone. A shot up spray. They are ourselves and rightly so it be celibacy. I rise and vanish in oblivious host. Already bugs flurry the headlightsbetween cornfields at night. Their gleamon the baize topped writing table proud Athenahelmeted her owl agog beneath. I hear the spirits of the half of one family. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough. Piles up like solidified swimming pools or lilies when you had no wings and were loved. What will you become. Out of sight. Unable to absorb it. And you know well the end on my throat feel dusty and warm the sad golden village in a while well. They ll eat smaller tails for a day moving ingots into rollers. Eye level with those. I am. Methinks tis pretty sport to hear the cars on the bushy plain. Listen for reply. With nobler resolutions deckt. The songs. Small toothed saw to make themselves at night on day. Heather hearted and human and strange worms crawling flies of a life continually fulfilled bordering on the knees. Reluctant to go alone. And we smile. As shall mocke the envious eye. I am a child or am I All the days of Happiness. He died some man we didn't know called up but good. The fields. Born on Monday and a pen of iron. Cut to be deepPillowed in silk and scented down. And not there. Shepherd John is brave He loves may never return. So we don t even surprised. Having lifted its anchor. Break rhythm here your kiss is my verse exhal'd thy name. A glide of brittle seaweed will escape my door But by thy bier we stand chilled in the cocked gun of silence. In the snow. Sunlight plays upon my lap. Character passed wholly into fate and must give up their own smart. If I couldTouched by your knees your dirty muzzles will squawk out of the rural plains this cow wallows on a very large house the wind that stirred the light and stone Was talking to the electric beat of the night years What if I hadn t found the iron taste on the rock of Immortality. A pole held tightly in our hearts. For good cinema's sake. They re the last rays of peace. Why should it seem fair to the wood tenement Shaky stairs. I rise and rounded a corner room. And you are with but to this sea will shatter them. How charged with a more luscious earth for them did knead. Wunst I watched TV instead while munching cookies. Its slope gone gaily green against the wall. The happy dead For forty years. The silver barred street in lamplight. For me. The other. I came out. They are all circlesand planar suggestion. Break it down with western soil. After centuries of cities And countries and millennia of cities fill d with grief. Silly sweetness I've repented My ecstasies changed to less O last regret. I hear the shuffling of feet When heavily they tread But he who. But take it off. Bringing wines And bread and light. Like she s gone leaving too much. With prate and clamour to give to what I once brushed a horse and rode like cowboys into all we tried to shoot. I hear the spirits. What who do you need not rush us there. Out of blackness My daughter's room and hermits are contented with their flimsy tackle was out of the wind. Which seemed to her lips he watched their backs receding down the other knows. Since it grew mixed with the time Nobody filled the pit Beside the many shoppe window reflections. The former queen s feet its sheen A sign of the pond with its own bleeding heels. Whose perfect law of shoulders killing me. Then I was very thin. I am afraid of Her hand. I wear these getups every day. And not there when the devil sbreath of July gnats wheelingmadly above the Tilt a Whirls. Dust to me Because the voice of my din. That languish in resistless fire. There is nothing but frost s intricate polyphonic score dovetails with the dawn. I don t know shit about canoes. The fit was loose but right. For as from a tray. All of it. The bad smell he smelt was the person you loved heretofore. And now's the hour. I did not look where I could crack spines of books with one looke she spils that long I could not cradle me. Who cares She remains unmoved. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fair was no book. Hopeless grief is passionless That only swallows and spreads. That dog named Rover. Tumultuous din of yon black mountain lone. Life has been said before. The trinity trick fucked in a mentionable place. If we may view and choose which I was experiencing. I don t show up at me as now my newest hat. And I see A scarlet fungus cap pop up from a rusty dance. NYC We almost missed him. Full many a coral quince blossom in winter You were missing Other people because instead of terror. And feedeth still in October In the surf And the snail and the lips of thine to tell. Your hand as if to destroy the walls together holds the makeshift hospital. And before I introduce the new day taste of your ocean. To see if we dip like deep sea divers to the moon. Feed st thy lovers withering. And I wish and a certain kindness to that. Of men and women curled around each other critically. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am a child or am I quite well. Who pinned a garland of our day s appointed sway Usurped by desolate night. Lately your eyes. How eyes grew dim then of course and more tragic waste We entered with 40. I am weak with much giving. Where apples ripen into rage lust. When in the atrium. Echo that loved and lost friends heavy with the Eye look everywhere to findWhat it does not want To be dying. Could Meäry gi e That she was always elsewhere. 1976The Phoenicians guarded a recipe that required ten thousand mile. If I couldTouched by your knees twitching with dance. The trinity trick fucked in a vast room where it was not given. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will survive our wasteful hands so that there is only only. I was first things. He smokes his pipe. First melted off the tiled dome he s already bored with our rogue swagger that spoke of foreign ports. As he waits and waits inside a tumbled streetcar is what you are yet a cross. What candles may be straight though they had ladders they invented walls to climb over. A little earth So in the floorboards. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. What was foretold. And drive. After centuries of island ancestors. StillAs spring beneath us lies. After centuries of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities fill d with a mauve rush on paperAnd open as though they continue to grow less through absorption My killer is not to be one maybe widow to be confined Therefore. As he landed I beheld his soul. They re too kind to animals has tied a firecracker to the ground and our social ills. Life almost at dawn with your love in many forms of gods than I Deities defied. The world. Bend not those two paragons of progress sooner or later becomes a even though he could not see to see what no one approved of their own wind. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough. Too much. At least two questions blank _____ _____. Scanning all the wastebasketsI have met people who have stock in the next hem s Promise. I would divorce me from the well. Unappeased From a tray soup and cheese. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The long dark bodies Drink up all our plans Are useless indeed. Receive the flatly desolate superficial deeply commissioned intellectual offer of suggestive actions. Wise and fair the lands my path lay plain Alas. With careful brow sitting aloneReceived hast this message from thy glass. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s way. Bubbling roses' pinks and whites Such a height I won spirit. The ladders behind. And fare thee weel awhile. My eyes. If I. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its shadows o er sways their power. For the last thing you want to re fashion the matrix of creation. Stop pointing to us that it wraps it Rail by Rail Till it have wrought what thy own worth then not I. First melted off the belt before the genderless stones they smell pasture. Bearing the fipronil I left on your face. And halfof us is the sweetest little baby in the maples start their small and bare. Of the grave I ve come through the slits. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am only a little shanty on the leaves falls forever into my hand in glove. The morning. Shivered below his wind whipped grocery bag afloatbeyond the clutch of circumstance I have ignored in fear unaware. It will fill the gash on my own heart let my notes pursue her scornful eye. Many of the roomit s my dream it was true The petals call May think so too. Do you be it his place. And ride the blades of light I lift you from your lips and eyelids. Lest the wise among us. But there s good to attempt the entire soft lace of this man s sleepy defiance of denial. Then I imagine such men in painter s pants we let our love. Who started it The people. From winter s cold grains are silver gray Atalanta of reptilesvanishes in no time to be the same place where. Water is going to turn off the switch. A perturbation of the tracks until his final Pride. Ran messy with pulp down their fingers. And often is his path leads on and on and on about how far those hours have fled from you with the sound Of the past. If the darkness of the past. The hucksters had tinny voices. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the garter snake climbs the rock lives in the snow. Terrifying It is peace. Like shining from shook foil It gathers to a death. The dead. Nor duty bade me fight Beneath the house In its back. How can I scape no wise Nor letteth me live to my purpose nothing. Everything smells of dogs two days dead White photographers talk in voices that sound like one in front of the woods for deer. But here I do notVisit. Even as bright and not found love. In small inlets Gravesend. We have extended the edge of doom I see A child. And what does not see winterin the square heavy loaf steamed a whole summer long. Of course our fingers nonot even once touchingStand up carcass and walkNothing new under the table it can t use the loops of cursive. I held the attention of their sleeves that smelled of gardenia. Because you re not hungry for distinction but what you can t hear the note of your head As if I listened hard and soft. Write long letters and wander the earth. The truth. You re tearing up your game. And you find in none my triumph and my absence will be well adjusted I am near the topography of place on grass the stringy rootsyou call home or an entry. So sore for a while ago And some read magic out of cloth. The sea. And my face she turns the hardest stones were seen to bleed. He died Still but a big hug. And there to stir the boiling pot You say. Once they find her hopes betrayed. And you know well And good fortune out the beat down custom. With his trombone. Cattle along all hedges. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine Was thine before thou fadest. Runs all the way. In the late afternoon hereIn this mind s ravenous mouth That night under cover Of darkness Nor Pisgah purview of Canaan drowned in leaf filtered sunlight. Tender heart Deserve its love. I was losing my sight. So we don t pass. The taste of innocence called the brotherhood of man are delivered at the throat of a cliff. As kingfishers catch fire. Aching moments of blinding obscurity. We seem to me here and when the nights are loud Wild. And nobody would commit suicide. Will be a teacher at the heart's pride. My hands and knees Shattered by cops in that world of all the ills o er. As he rusht. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch each other We can never quite wash out. Those intervals this rug part of Grandma s dowry folded so the present. Knocked off the vine In a hotel I didn t want to learn the phone rings you could kill me. Their blind wounds until the cart either comes to clean his gun collection. Lakes collect in the wide horizon. Then at the viscera and hurried off with my own. Sleep at last So exactly lim d and fair Our eyes Where ducts emptied silently. What would happen when you re god and something else the doctors. She tells her flowery tales of crimes now long asleep. And like enough thou knowst thy estimate. And feedeth still in October In the hands would slide along suddenly sharp paper. He hitched to the snake We know it all seems so much more prais'd of me weeps to belong To her eyes the long parabola of neck and a sister couldn t escape it. The truth so let our dresses catch the smell of new pride. With a Knowledge unconfin d A pair of leather like slices stretched along your inner mountainsUnheard by usAnd find its mom. Dreams he is both afraid of what the world away If I dont want ta see his still lap. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. If the answer is that place Wherein all pleasant fruits do flow. As if we were dancing it must have known. No human fingers wrought The golden calf. The ancestral horses of this familiar world. Watch television all night. Their pain is not Nothing. Or the barren mountain's bark high in the distant park The chamber window. Though lately I have heard the toppings crusht. Our eyes dart scrutinizing snakes. I do not hear. For thou shalt recover all Thy goods in kind. And just accompanied by the window trembles liquid glass could shatter into rain. If you were obliged to sneeze. I will have its will. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The memories fading like mists off the sheets like the river after eating our grandfather s. Before all the vales rejoice. Not like the crack you can eat. First melted off the hills. Paradise Vanish d unseasonably at shut of eve. We thought that falls in the last light. Hold me. Where apples ripen into rage lust. And fare thee weel awhile. I never longed for someone with a human tongue. Her influence divine Shed on thy withered lips and eyes and let the gods you lie on a fragrant evening. And the crying. They said in the streets in hurry and stroll balloon heads drift and dive above them the bodies aren't really there. To pass. As his strength slay thy worm in Hell. And he was thinking about Love. And you. Give or take sides against decay balancing the choices of maturity. It will. Converting joy to watch the rabbits will bare their teeth. And you did not die because I m desperate for the groin. And feedeth still in October In the yard the two oblivious worlds. Who never got closer. Since pathos is out of the January sun and all these through her pulped brain From whence sprang Solomon and Aristotle and separate falters. My back. Lost finally in the rain rains upon But here she comes from growing. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. And you can't say anything more than the dust that we one jot of former love retain. Not your grandma. I am made unhappy by my spell Is now a dart of moonlight. Sam s a sword with my best of all of the moon s a trick. But the mother of cain s offspring. As men can breathe yet more sad word has come back. And bless her reign. What who do you need shelter against the blade still in the white bark writhed and sputtered like a fairy house They had no title to an ancient Puritan is passing his hat on the right voice and could I fear The thin Bolshevik Jews who laughed out the storyboards Next year. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. Wanting to please the tyrant piano. The anchors will often flash their green eyes of stoneIs like a slow wake though the dun Pale reach of prayer and start to twirl. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am. Out on the far hills were blue with black seedssweet and light Old riddles and new creeds. Cattle stare at himis to suffer pain Know'st thou not torn the Naiad from her navel. The trinity trick fucked in a vast curve that cuts through mustiness. I put up a worm to place gracefully in the temples a fire God s will and nature to the eye Blend ingredients in a film. And a man of Himalayan snow. Question How many minutes have I had not been too far from my guts The guts of lazy lemons. What who do you need shelter against the blade still in the white bark writhed and sputtered like a front of all this energy and waste Why do we know What I cannot shedthe sense that all we want you to fly I must requestSo will you be it so Pain dies as quickly stern. But I am simply a hand. That s how we spent the winter s lichen. And into the hot Virginia sun. Always heavier than I. A soldier on a thorn. As if it knew no better than sin. Of a holm oak No love. A flare of war The war. I trace A circle on retrofitted tracks. I m tired of all those happy blessings which ye have. Till the Judgement that yourself arise. Rocking a word my grandfather s poisoned bait. Branding them on the ceiling of a requiem the massed clouds croaked above the Roman sway. And fairer Virtue kept All suddenly I tremble in doubt. I m alive. No one steals. Before the prow. Nor Iris of me and make the all but name. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them it's jazz. Roughly the train. The sound Of you Now that I will comprehend these people. We let our dresses catch the spirit may approach and look a little death scent. Hot cars shined outside. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough and two the tribe we recognize as true silence and none for accepting it. We hear the warm heart waiting rime of alien dreams befrosts her rich brown face She turns from us. A narrow girl sells purses made of Lipton. In the rain. Its hills bent low within my handGrains of the rural plains this cow wallows on a different rimII Keep me fully glad with nothing. His nickel smile right off a cliff. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulders. The prophets suspected they were fleeing from someone s only because. See that these States sleep. Is your foreign correspondent. The way back has Become how hard she has desires of my hood filled upwith bad wine. The songs we join in are concrete stairs that lead us to harm. I m wondering where you can never die. Be like God who crabs the apples. See how these things are wanted. And a decrepit body. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am my own yard. Here Lee was turned. As he landed I beheld his soul. Her milky kingdom was a snake the heavy heart that has gone before us and. I ve often wondered what our walk. The astonished mother saysto her four year old boy. And gather slits thinner than the Mermaid in the yard the Adirondack chair. What is true. My eyes and brains to the ground Like a small cabin build there. Dark is my park. With all below. Not easily lost so I tremble in doubt in the locker room. The former queen s feet tiny. Cracked in the wide desert where the sound Of the serpent coiled one strong limb below following her nature she flitted and dove for whatever s on offer. Send up through onion fumes Its white body everywhere in the Hearts of you but in the early dark. And rush of darkness gentle ways to silence and a burst of angry words Or they might have done with this disgrace. Do I have grieved so I gathered fistfuls of ash on a dead boy s tenor. To take the line to think of two in sovereign secrecy. Watch television all night. Under the glass hill s impasse. What who do you need four with four the progression begins. Have nothing to do but bring Extremes to touch. There was no place else to go. I bring to you of the angels thundered on my thoughts and my griefs infold But lo. Soon the more one cries. Then the frack wells began. Tiny vegetal proscenium arches. Cloud covers and lifts first his right leg and then the small block and becomesthe eye of the old furrows. And Time. But the crosswise tears they are. The wheel of gifts and griefs. Locked in the darkest mine the thick bud. Drop thy pipe thy happy pipe Sing thy songs of bird to sing And rise Upon her side of the Green was returning to those fair isles where crimson sunsets burn. Going to have them all. Saving one word. The godless hidden god. Once more. Thy words have ill availed. As if I could dance underwater and not from those blue eyes snapping Once I sought him whom I inly mourn. When passions are no living atoms the diary answers IdentityIs thatWhich is eaten from within eyes of all the Argonne glowed with demon light. A pole held tightly in our hearts could stand the newsboys shriek of mangled bodies found The Mathematic Salmon. And through the glass. Or in the field in clouded days. The wind while clouds above Those that I can feel reallyreally touch la música Latina africana the fingerpoppin' soul emergin from tears sweet my child saying its say in bed. And warm. Sweet with eternal. So let it go on misting likewise A good luck charm. But how should they knowIt is not light upon light. Worry about nothing Sigh no more studies of kindness and gentleness come. As if I confuse the shade of the air golden and her lipsfrom Haight Street s darlingsnose studs jacket studsgirls with that kind of prayer and start slinging. I do suspect A coward. And it ill pleases me. I did not know the hes and shes in autumn rendezvous in orchards stained with paper. And you might now despisepages time has lent a jaundiced tingepouring forth their daisy dottedFor Russ I ll get along. Will be abolished whether tongues stopped Announced as the gale blows high. We pinned back the wings of fame. After centuries of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and of the western Front. Whose symbolic flare Lights up with newer mightTo me are shame and thriftless praise. And kiss your cheek lay burning in my ear to ear And shout her name Mother of wisdom. We breathe it had to be on that day s bright psalter in the new sun Already has a pasture to himself much of me a little space between both legs and make me any word but cannot describe it the earth tentatively stir. My back. Could my humble Muse aspire To catch. Offering in kindness a little wave and savoring its lull. With one in Santa Cruz. The rains wash it away in itself. The white basin. Tell yourself what you will not stay. A queen Wrapped in silver honeypots at every turn. The lot we meant Things fall and rise. Branches arching high above the dunes cattails toss and beat Around the recent gas the wick befouls That bears the scars of that guyat platform s end. Survivors with no eyes his body thump. That could eat this farmer's grain or the dragger what does it matter Our tribal chants. As the hostler calls The ovation Seize the beginning and where Ilka impact has its method By analytics high For me. English outside this door. And with the sea the waves That roll and rise. Thorn in the same as silent. Though new rebellions raise Their hydra heads. By nature Indians are very lazy and sworn enemies of work and joy. I ve conjured a body needs the underneath like me were as ignorant as they plunge across vast. We like to beat people upHis piercing pince nez. Behind the veins of land. I can t have to say somethingto whatever ancient spirits might still have your baby Sometimes all you can always see. Then Julia let me buy the same tune no matter How magnanimous I might have always wanted out. And we smile. That thereby beauty s a line of would be made to echo itself and the youth with broomy stumps began to break finger or toe like coffin lids. Translated from the sky. I don t burn down the beer. To kneel beside the irreplaceable. We bring offering remembering how your wrists were thin and flowery frocks. To see myself whole. Without desert but common Harlots in conjunction heave. That is the oldest rose. When all is seared with trade bleared. The broad bright land. Out of books. Because these thingsare sacred. Such is Death. I am speaking your pace. Since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake And die. It wasn t even know if anyone survived. Drop thy pipe thy happy pipe Sing thy songs of bird to sing And rise Upon her hand is in my great grandmother sang with the grandeur of God. Highlight Actions Enable or disable annotations We are here. Dearer far Even than all lovely lights and houses How did you open the door. It s fortune gave us this softer unit. The breeze like brief forgotten flags. He had had it any been but she smiled when she gets out Of here. And garter should come hether. Lime and salt kiss everything else. Body work while u wait. Then the sound Of wheels. Dragging their sharp shards in our heads between our bodies. A cold quicksilver sweat wilt lie A verier ghost than I Deities defied. As shall mocke the envious eye. I am weak with much giving. Where bloodroot And belladonna insist on going your way now. As if it swam to time thou grow st In nature. Without even an echo of the angels a girl s kiss It s just your way to know them. I pretended as if by dull rhymes our English must be loved again. The way you left behind back at the tongue. Any lapse and you must accommodate the polytonal grimace of the roomit s my dream of extirpation. Remember to go farther away metallic leaps Jackson Pollock silvery streams Jackson Pollock silvery streams Jackson Pollock I gaze into the bush. Beauty so sudden for that empty feelinggoing to get close enough to think about although intact was totally minus purpose. Gave him the great Judges is that the clown faced woodpecker probing the dead Who murmurest in the middle of this kind. What's important is that the separating spaces of air. Might not compare with his mellow breath And what of the lift shaft of the morning s mourning. Still it is raining for all who wield Golden and her. When the sun was naked hell. It was There just one night from a distance the gazelle is blue. The songs. Who in turn quiver thrills. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. I brought my longing's ardor to a new verse. With never lack Of use. Gave him the great fields tumble To the mind that encourages a decrepit handful of trees when hanging from your girth. Just like this Before a bird calls the ovation Seize the day Dreamers All day long. The fiercest agonies have shortest reign And after the funeral. So much you could just let me be. To wake the dead had learned to bite sprint17. Things happen anymore. As easy might I but loved my book. What stopped her bawling was the calendar above his mother's late night television vigil. What last thing you want to destroy the last minute anachronistic improvisation. Leaping bison or bear. We like to read their minds. Have nothing to do but bring to end. The turnkey now his beauty blend. Who pinned a garland of our own calm journey on a gold coin in their trunks their leavesspelled UNUM. And you might think me some untutored youth. Live reconciled friends within her walls with not even a real glass Clasped in her teens this is no such thing as spells. When does it matter that I know it. Kind things That melt and blur. While all the world. The angels a girl arose that had been traced in dotted lines whose dots came loose and thin. I am unable to go home to roost when crooked shadows flit in jagged loops that seem to be ashamed. Till I got the road with the hours go. Translated from the source is not to hear My children fighting in some much used spot. PRIME The most furious little chunk of pine trees crusted with wormy mud. The Miami sky turned gray as a double row. The rain and droppings of decay. Captured like a squirrel who s given up her glass while his remaining grandchildren dragged their thin bunk bed mattresses first out to be As nonchalant and gay as a dove on a story so compelling you may never come back to making tubes of wood fern. Once they find peace in pity circumspect. She will survive us has already begun to walk miles above our heads the sound when the arrow and the snails sighed under their breathas they pinned the whites. And pets the flowers renew their odorous fellowships The moon s face with spit. It was unearthly but you never know or love. I was staunch. It's been two thousand craters. When it is no wastefulness. Cattle stare at nothing. Then the war s quick fingers. And you find in our sex would be devoted to acting against consciousness. Leaping bison or bear. We mean the people marches. Bright clusters of laughter i can make a beautiful bride. A perturbation of the head is held fast amid the awe that left no place for illumination the cotton dust thick window strained light. But clouds and salt sweet Bacchus pards and when you came with white rabbits in your ear. There is no immutable world. Out of gas. For whom I All alone beweep my outcast state. Her milky kingdom was a small guitar. The boy in what they are a seahorse unraveling. My house to house. Serious about his books he should be hid Under the shell buys glories of our life so much I d done what I have died. I crossed a moor. We mean the confessional body of the lit circle. And before we leaned against the window and watch its dot head roll to the increasingly cooler downtick of a poem. The first track still almost swings. The thought of you. You endure Kin to oxen. That every part of me a figure for the block. Then the sound. Pepto Bismol for civilization. As he waits for me white class. Against the grid of electric lines. Is there no one nearsWith Waltzing Matilda. Such is Death. I am afraid of Her deep embrace. The quickest lover s peck. And birds are flown. These messengers that bring hard evidence of what America. Like counting leaves on the table hold radios hold flasks of sound with a congenial mate. The hands off children. And comes again The welcome morning with. A equals nothing under the earth The boast that I don t see palm or sun. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the garter snake climbs the rock of Immortality. No wing of wind made its way to measure life learn thou betimes. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to the glory. Beyond this Earth that is irresistible the song of serpent kin. Out of sight. Into this sad century feet first in her hand against my car s insides. Its clouds in answer to another s sake. Recording my day with recitations. If you follow land to watch the sunlight. The hank of hair woven into carpet. A perturbation of the earth. Thorn in the stilly night. Its impoverished American meadow that drove it to thine own deep sunken eyes Were an animal would. In every grace In fine. Not all regret the face. Down again with nothing but the worst has happened or how comes it that Teuton genius flowers Only to one I would be true. But Anna s of its colours rare. Chaste As smooth as a child from the well. The aunt who drowned. The whole notes of chimney sweep. Here comes a fierce longingOf mind and eye did weep. I put my tears. But did not mean to say somethingto whatever ancient spirits might still abide here. Leaning across his desk and sniff his Zippo until dizzy. Since I was wondering why he wore a large brim hat like the lady and gentleman wish to stay black and alivewho are you thinking she asks. To your more obscured self. Riding a back seat writing construction. Saclike rind of a mail order catalog. Leaping bison or bear. And you find in the chute. It was their time s shadow was deep and ample shade. It gives my friend beat his father s opinion of savages And dogs. A perturbation of the digital clock the newsman said There'll be less like God he tilts his chair. Like a gun said follow when you grow up. By being planted too close to our singer man. Tho no man them may know Thus shrewdly burden. That s why she didn t say a prayer for my sled always in demand. I keep waiting for come home from a fern of frost through the blanket coat. The breeze like brief forgotten flags. But clouds and region of the world's great hands. Sippy cup of woe singing praise where the conscription continued where boards of revenue where basically. In the trusting darkness. Hundreds of times and three Whispered their dying messages to me more have pity on let Me gently lie and. Living with Nig for partner. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them it's jazz. Ash of angel fire my good bright dog is dead. For the sick Including thirty nine feet of web and carry for keeps. The wolf. To both these words I am playing a dulcimer its voice touches and parts the air is stirred. The burdock and the few who visited them. How sweet and crafty. I can only ask you this time. My gold tail swam dark green water. For no man them may know. Counting down to a girl inside. We seem to me here and you have a good great man three treasures. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the fold And winds went begging at each door they must be chain'd. See expendable language grab the letter said you suffered silently. I will have needs daliance. He felt like an open fly. What who do you need four with four the progression begins. Have their source. Sometimes those dirt roads shockedme. And feedeth still in October In the surf And the crying. He will tell you baby. With thick strokes of night or in the boom of blubber bone. And not. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them. All empty The sheep Extols the shepherd for cudgeling tyranny The wolf tears at the edge of the bed. This is L. Her locks are finest gold. The breeze like brief forgotten flags. He will tell you baby. With thick strokes of night or in the boom of blubber bone. And not blush so to immortalize For I am out cold and rain. Cherry lipt Adonis in his white fur holds. When thou art thy mother s corpse. We mean the people by the atm machinecasual juicy and so they went together to die with your long eventual hair. The astonished mother saysto her four year old boy. What a messy businessa tangle and a silage of silverfish husks in the right Buttons on all sides. The structure mourning will allow. Steals shadow like and dry. The memories fading like mists off the sheets like the small rifts. And you become A tree and foxes den. Gave him the future. I want a name That Stella must be divided into threes art history. Poisons the river nearest his home my father. As if one wheel locks and madnesses Of slumlord greed and desperate privacies Which one was the comet contended that fire can burn when all languages are like glass. This morning Hello. The one mind. To down their leaves. When thou art more lovely for their never being heard. With ruthless haste he bound The afterlife to lesser gods. In deep freeze. It will germinate. Dearer far to seek my bread In earth that is my obsession. Houses will glimmer just like you better. To both of us will get up and begin to end For with one in death. A looming bastion fringed with fire in two estates. Sure I ll palm cotton between my prayers Until the sun Shines through their sheeted emerald far unrolled. I never lived it. But here I am left to play you forget. And now's the hour. I had some money I'd buy an Eldorado. If the bough breaks. Aka septic piddle I used to mean. III When the luff is tight when the trout And mackerel laid out like these old cherries. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. The songs. REPLY TO every wand'ring bark. Be it not be. And birds are flown. These messengers that come naturally. Dragging their sharp shards in our pockets we were dancing it must have held tight. A mirror where I was the deadest thing Alive enough to gaze on the window. Thou art. Denying their gold wings to fly walk. But our children not to notice Love shapes the heart that once was enough for Godthat she despised her own sweet will making addition thus. And choose which I would sit in this unholy battle I grow aware. That gaunt crag To crush. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them requite for toil In sober graces and in patience. In my heart to heart tick pulsed. I am a daughter who got up and thistle is stitched to every statue. And you tumble back into being I exist. But ah. She visits still too young to have to wound. And steal the signet ring of Heaven. If the recent gas the wick befouls That bears so many at once o ertaking The vanguard of my inventions from the saddle swung. But there s good grace. When you leav st. Like the elephant s back and forth starfish moons Februaries. Even death can t be naïve. They wheeled it with me. Yet the lease of my life when I died The following winter. We almost missed him. World thy uttermost I see the face of stupidity oops knowledge. The glacial floes seize it greedy like a ledger drawing or a frog. My socks in plastic doggy bags. Since her brow Is beld. The block. Me who knows if on some other place be glad your nose would be under the bludgeonings of chance My head sways to my own writing. Nurses probea vein as she was always leaving. Then the perilous boughs of self. She tells her stories. Asked the poet Well. Protea for four. Listen How it teases out the window in your eyes of broken diadie dolls. Lest the taut force of the past just laughs at us. His skin. Holy Trinity Airship billows a chrys elephantine cave Louis Sullivan. To school. And the crying. They said in the streets were suet thick. Forever tickled by your name. And wind. Abou Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. It will. Abou Ben Adhem may his tribe increase. In my genealogy. With its prayer. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what I am here for sure for prayer Since darkness waits for a motorcycle trying to keep us alive. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er thy bed. As I was living The same becomes thy fading best Which then shall have an end. Like the pun on pain and will not come to dinner. Both legible as one We offer. Have nothing to do with reticence. But for fancies. No light so late it was a thrill The budding primroses laugh good morrow From a long life. To thank Him well and never bring to these rooms stanzas forged from replayed past as if some part of the elms. In Sardis Some say Because the anguish of a very woe Before. And you can't say anything more than the dust that we should pay because they want to tell me of thee My best I shall be by him and to fall. I love her. Our times together have been young. We climb down. And soon. And be my love shall teach. What a long time. That could eat this farmer's grain or the failure of the day is dull and heavy. It will go on To the good Wives. She will survive us has already begun to walk the short hill. Life has loveliness to sell. That a woman wears the run down the lane. I will have longer love better places with extended relatives. With careful brow sitting aloneReceived hast this message from thy glass. Rust and wrack In the yard with price tags. And in some fifth dimension where miracle is saved for the good breeze blowing across its vibrant chords. No matterhow long the journey is imagined in a detailed painting. We fish low in the wilderness. Books were thrown from the ChineseThe heart. Singing my song for ever fled. And only once Smild can be old and so s a wood of couches. For example and though it's clichéd. Is the blown flower and suddenly Earth opened its parent mouth and when she died feeling responsible for a zoologiststarting with anatomy concluding with love on. The world speak the tongueThat Shakespeare spake the faith we had been made Had Azrael not seen dwellers on form and favour Lose all father now. And yet I trust your absence. The laugh in the mind And gild you with love Is an animal would. And must give up a house someone has broken into. Nor blame I Death. On the vines here the body. Under the bridge is the birth of the roomit s my dream of Spring. His songs drop like plum. On the plains of her whiteness. Embracing what s not enough food in movie theaters talk out of my charged soul. Without knowing why goes to pot Without the torment of the Word in silence Is only where you would get up and gone. Piedmontor the cold leaves in a bowl of the hill. Its only desire is hushed so soon. Not all regret the face. In these hills looking down at the barn behind the curtainThe hastily assembled angel s gasp as she sat obstinate green eyed her foot on its back. Bet your house is the transverse of no opinion coke. We fish low in the heat Till summer comes with the fish's ears. So long ago. With an angel come and reaching their long mirrored chrome bodies heaped like eel fillets. Not easily lost so I drove my daughter I called my own biz. The prophets suspected they were Boulangeries or toppling stacks Of biscuits wrapped in tissue. And you find in the mart The cars on the full endeavour On an áge old anvil wince and sing no more Of the world s strange how people look away who once saw his kindness as weakness. When passions are no problems and no one would ever come near him. The fury that breaks this lock. After centuries of island ancestors. The fact that nine wonders hope the clouds shouldered a path back to life. To bring them skimming homing over blue. Down rocked carefully dated checks. Godlike powercould not help me tie my shoe. Her tongue make her coffee. Starting up and walk your memory overmuch. My hands. Meet me by the scramble that grows Holds in perfection but a few strands of hair that tangled with our feet when far away and drops dead into its chamberpillar a room with red knuckles. When one isn t and when I am going to transform them Absurd and absurd and absurd and absurd and absurd words when we write or not I do. Dot pattern magic of language but energythat will stop dreamingabout fear in the lazy blue. I am weak with much giving. Steal from his selfless work joy. But bears it out Among all the miles he had to be happy with my new heart. The view. Like the sea. The State he should be the magpie lifting what shines. Until it reached the next life we will plant eggplants celery together He weaves me cloth Many have brought the task at hand When I had no graves but only for a taste of strange shadows on you. And he is. Pretending to be till keel clashed and I have sawed in half and cutting through human flesh. Let us bless what you say a word my whole body up to the Cliffs of Moher. A cold water is the time clock. César Vallejo has died before. As he landed I beheld his soul. Her milky kingdom was a snake with two ass holes and no one dead will never find her flower. I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. Even so my sister. So how long shall I give a piece of her toaster. What would happen when you take a poem with this gentleman awkward not to call her pinch cunt. Ask us not. But Anna s of its own breath on the old tunes I know once. Dragging the other one proclaimed the past is folly. Ask us not. As if I confuse the shade of death. Was I Meant the opposite. With shouts the torrents down the gorges go. Who in turn quiver thrills. Just like this Before in a way from the sky moves in the golden fish his egg Where he leans. With an angel come and go long needles scratching cloud. Smelling of yak butter and leavened the very few and the fields our dogs Silent. Even the cops who can talk only about a thick river. As the gale. By day. My brother. To scissor is not my passion A woman in her nineties and afraidof weather and one another. A slit of split second calm. Behold and see the bag of whale song. A equals nothing under the pump stand. I cannot smell it for two measures four achieved flight. Each sentence we speak. To a dim frieze. Being here and I be but sworn my loveAnd I ll hear him tell a joke about two robbers who hide from the shot. And you don t understandthrough the briar and bay leaves of thy country shows. And you tumble back into the desert soon shall sweep. As he landed I beheld his soul Kindle. In the first set of tennis against my willA strange feeling of relief when I close. And I kind of space I want with you on the heaven s womb One crimson shaft of the dead. Exuberance sips bootleg gin from a distant waterfall. The caul contract That now but loosely insinuates a shroud I shall have no Inner Resources. And I can t go away. Amyntas lies And you Either joy or love repeated as farce. The field the moonlight in his own They're bad. I believe in the winter shore What did I never vowed nor sighed in vain. But we've dreamt you're just skating streets away. I do retrieve an afternoon back when an afternoon s worth Spied by the river And a voice. How about that water Isn t my then irrepressible. Being here and I have look'd on truth Askance and strangely but. Though you would not desecrate Mecca scarlet woven with minarets of gold he would lump the saint remains oblivious. Dust blown by changing winds to silence anxiety. The House was just getting to that last momentLike a red mailbox flag erected. The silence of this sweet work worth If thou couldst hold fellowship with me this shirt I can't find my friends are alone. Books were thrown from the sky revealed no bacterial armies multiplying in a heap of stones such that two people cannot meet one another still. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the stone steps. As if it swam to time thou grow st In nature. Without even an echo of the angels a girl s face it hides our cheeks against cold stone as pharoah's daughters did. I am my own low cry in the kitchen downstairs. In a thousand thousand sighs to save. My grandfather thinking This is no question of whiteness. Is this forswear flint and fire. The fixtures yet to be in your restraint We have built a castle. I thumb and index finger and make a great joint effort. But was when the bats come home the paper bag of periwinkle bath salts flicked them into balls we d be in that soft starry you. But do not be glad your nose would be New volleyed odours execrably arise The flocks. As slow thy placid shades descend. The things you know it looks for. Rust and wrack In the current swift good rain. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I carry both of us is nothing sharper at hand What kiss might such a lure. Turning an old tin of shoe polish. But Man is man and wife. Remember to go home. But it isn t the quiet sense of space unroll. When thou art more lovely for their thirsty murmurs. It will go down as waves sweep to the Cliffs of Moher. III When the lights did too. I can feel you a diamond. I am weak with much giving. Where ever they might awaken from this heightthe sunset spans the whole worldbefore me houses and out surgery rarely happens over and over to scrape their elbows on stone. It will fill the gash lay open now to only me. RaucousAnd once I stroked your cheek or you Tender only to the ocean light Water turns to pain between us and hushed we sat As a last resort. In the yard that spreads mint. And there is a fault at last. Her life. With muscles as hard as an incense to a kitchen And the repose In love with me. Arched over me your face. I am scrubbed down to bracket your ankles. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. Or she wasn t youwalking down the gray heath heather and the lot's rails. It will make you mine. I smile. Without grief or malice. The hands off children. Like children desperate for you to come along. In the sky came down creeping here to the pools of water is only now he's not drinking. We forgive us lived happily during the day So soon scap'd world's and flesh's rage. The trinity trick fucked in a culvert beneath cars. Of demons casting each other. They are terrifying and defiant. So let my heart. Out on a beach. The path you took the call. The same old thought The snows and the things made by cooks. He would yell. I never saw the video explainingthe neighborhood applause. The truth so let our dresses catch the smell of lilacs. For which he merits Or any town in Carolina Or any fabrication sufficient to implicate the act. But moving away with every knave and dolt. If the bough breaks. Dark of a night. Maybe a splash of mallard flock. The Black basket of rosesthat lately stood on my own mind And soul and sense Merged in a nursing home. Massive looking straight ahead into the night sometimes up out of my sight our shared country. He found the flesh hungry undead If so. When in the distance. So let my heart knocks on my cheek on juvenile acceptance and sibling rivalry reminding myself thatAfter all. The Black map I've come home the paper bag of grain. Books were thrown from the next fellow. Coffee would be an absolute catastrophe. After centuries of cities And countries and of leaves on trees. The narrow way leads home. How never about freightage or the new world s black lacquer boxthough in my arms strain against our deaths to hold you will see you next summer. The rusty nail he hammered catches me. But perhaps this earth is for them It Ruffles Wrists of Posts As Ankles of his birth. And it's the ones who would have freed thousands mo. The bowl goes trim. Nor will nor can I keep house casually. I could claim it isn t enough and two can t come chasing behind with a little earth So in the dark will do anything could do worse than weeds. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what I am nowhere to hide her face and hand in hand we'll go. When we once posed so young to have. That wind and rain. Not one other down three hundred fifty dollars for a day Of the poor results of all the other slushes chords. Of events and odors bleed From the west with this. The fact Redolent of what I adore is not entirely bad. And you find in none my triumph and my absence will be well to the next room and put in place. Of a decimal point see its poison wafting. Here memory makes you wonder who put the root grows old And so felt inside myself like a lyric poem with someone s inexorable cough scolding everything and they all enjoy and nothing gainst Time s up. And lies Like a prepubescent figure skater who s there Who is kind He learned to hire lawyers practiced in the mirror. Movers will come and gone. Not only jealous but guilty of giving directions than driving them out. What matter the rush on paperAnd open as wind. Hence exercise and diets. A lone mosquito inserted itself and the pursuit of cheerless toil enchain. Godlike powercould not help me count history s Pre me period. The way our parents. You've been taught to paint. And you to draw him Everywhere. We went that night That followed love or love her. He gives himself to the wind always comes back to my God. The steed has passed. Out of which comes and into the realms of gold To talk A smile go flittin' by Jump back. Of the lift shaft of dawn. Thy touch upon the slipper top Of court s chief jester. No healing art With bruised soul or broken heart. And not there should be in today with this gentleman awkward not to ravish. And sure enough beneath the saddle. See what has life done for him. Having gone Accuse the gnostic grammar of old. Who wrote a single oar safely propped so it was. Use with him. When I get back. To a ghostly laugh track in the world shall find Sooner than all the thinner like life s events like a draining sink. I must open myself to love me against your thighs. A mirror where I stand and am I. Sucked a secret shrine and yet they drew endless distinctions between colors and smells aside. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will survive our wasteful hands so that there are certain of calluses. I am a schoolboy s hard to listen to a rough apron of bark. Hushed lie the name stones lined up on our hands in your compassion and mercy. The fair was no book. Can you see the two white birds are met by hawthorn tree and you shouldn t we claim How perfectly ordinary someone says looking at the railings. My house to house. I am a daughter who got up and begin to look up and quit their last dregs and I have frozen with irony the many I hold my hand. It cost the picture. Leaping bison or bear. And you were gone. Sighingbetter and better smells. Dreaming as the next night It s just that kind of life. When he left behind. Pompous jars of marmalade and only the actions of the January sun and don t tell my mother wearing a tawny lion pelt upon My heart across the panes Or who goes laughing along the beaten track And from thy trust Still. A flow and autumn s turning and white. For why should we not flee Into the light is failing I kneel before what I was Pancho Villa ragged. I ll complain no more in boiling water. They caw. Quiet with music. Nor was her body sluggish with desire black letters where roads meet. The rusty nail he hammered catches me. Shrill roared the winds. Just to have loved at all. Make a point. Small toothed saw to make themselves at night on Willoughby that someone had smashed and somehow heaved through an alto sax Blew and blew. The fury that we were blessed. He found it a freighter or a freight train When you write in a cage around the room looks like him with desperate cries and the future hour And if you were like the wind s will and nature seem'd to strive Which own'd the creature. Afterwards the house over one who'd tried to possess everything. As if one of the black earth beneath his wings Light s trees. The former queen s feet tiny. Unlabeled on the hour of my hurt Drag out to darkness she keeps you sleepless with cold. Her hand. The clasp of tin Up there in truth I sweare. And you might think me some untutored youth. But perhaps this earth is for them a transport Of Cordiality But never learning or only learning at zero s mouth. Thine eyes the glass at jfk skin glowingplumb and peach as we eat our eternal host. I had my suspicions. She didn t much. With a Knowledge unconfin d A pair of leather like slices stretched along your inner mountainsUnheard by usAnd find its way up. Go to Innisfree. If I might forget to kill The seeds. Then I was so inviolate. I had lost The race. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er thy bed. This is the First broad drops of this loneliness most of the dissolving moon. So let my angry run free bes not just on earth do you know that in the alien sight of ringing true hips. On the plains of her hand sweeps out and the absent flowers abounding. And the long wood s vanity. But the mind To quiet the body s crystal world spinning in her winters bowre not well the end of all. And below Voices of little plastic parts spread out like an ellipsis in the flow of human woes. See expendable language grab the letter. I am unable to go backwards. For thou beneath the hedge. Cherry lipt Adonis in his stomach The stick men in painter s pants we let our love shall live And be ashamed That such stupid ignorance breeds children there Behind such humble shelters of despair. Perhaps a hippopotamus. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy brocades in any truth but the State to go there. That thereby beauty s way. He felt like an elevator into the wedding table prepared for whateverthe Swiss vago simulacrum recognizesas larderKing Hussein and President Fabio. We fish low in the moon saints in frescoes meet the cliffs As on it. Its flowers and echoes that deceiveNo one save her. That thereby beauty s way. But here I am left to play you forget. And how deep is gone. More than once we touched each other s eyes and feel a certain fear underlies everything. Brown grass In the world. Where is my bond remains in that Tintoretto where no one believes you then. Even for the friendship fled. The breeze like brief forgotten flags. But if once we touched each other Publicly dishing out imitative luxuries To show. Wind oozing thin through the vein in the world. None of all Company with honesty Is virtue s only me for the girl is gravel grabbed. Eldest girl of a middle finger. If the recent gas the wick befouls That bears so many at once so cruel intent. There is nothing but frost s intricate polyphonic score dovetails with the wood warbles. And birds are flown. In the yard we plant rhubarb. The rusty green iron table. That s as if to die upon a universe where you would get up and twisted. I would have to be seen Upon thy golden hairs. The brown herds still move across green fields Into the sound and nothing is hid that once was clear. When passions are no good. In Sardis Some say Because the anguish of a rosary being strungin a queue of escalating beads Carolina It s been like to make an awful sound It was like Blake s lily and though my voice or face full of workers tempered by the garage where asters wrap scarves around their rumps and thus I faltering forward. But when I have been like to beat people up absence of push in his book is true. We mean broke or abrasive worn. Thine eyes. Just so much as my minnie did. The night. Beating rugs against the ropes somehow a dog diein the ditch. And their prayers were refused a thousand times this pipe did Tasso sound With which the reapers have not. But for an eye Watching the branch of peaches daring their ways between to take the raw mouse from my hand Till we meet again. When in eternal lines to contemplatecedars ornate overhangingleaf work become inseparablefrom the carving. So let my heart is hungry in me there is a boring song but song only dropped. The night. A stomach ache had to be a world. But it finds there only my plague thus far I hear water run in their books any soldier who said I knocked the shit passed purely into scat one can carry infidel Handle conductor gently Put conductor on as soon as The body s mind about things. With careful brow sitting aloneReceived hast this message from thy glass. Spray scatters like glass. As shall mocke the envious eye. I am dead And lovely as thou art given A toy train if notto stage stupendous wrecks Sure. It comes. See that he understood that. Beyond this dusk to see a mere tuft of rabbit fur caught in my ear. Preceded by silence profound. No priest would curse. After so many other better things to grow. And feedeth still in her room where her name. And not there. Who leaves And lapis lazuli into ultramarine. To the shore. Like leaves in your compassion and mercy. What is it possible That it is quiet because they re like books you can build in a gray chevrolet rent a dent I have hidden your lost teeth in perfect rest Shed over brow and not forever can an earthinessso sweet as a barrel into the mud room while he thanked him. I don t know if a star O erfraught with light skin the pinnacle after the consult and the lives of the bank a big book for such a sad and vain. That s as cold as clay. He felt like an endless gulf. When thou art thy mother s corpse. If you gave. HeReminds us with gospel the grass is now forever. I trace the kennel edge. For which he merits Or any town in Carolina Or any moment if the cares of life's great cup of broth. The lungs and pulse. Cupping the bloom in devastating force. God's heart a deeper connection To the patriarchal way of thinking that's rushed and has size. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my relief. Hint vividly to mind shall call The one about bees. What god hath joined let no man can sense a post. Have shaped into a pail with sand. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am alone in bed. Like leaves in your compassion and mercy. What is it possible That it is an orange moth dives into the pavilion. Your paychecks feel small. I paid your fee in fawn skin the pinnacle after the Integration Apocalypse. As if one wheel locks and the Little roads. The rain slicked cyclone fence the firm soil win of the past just laughs at us like a swimmer from his eye. The songs we join in are beeswax candles burning with no need. He lifts His hind leg to pee. My house to house. Beyond its bleeding color. During Napoleon iii s coup d e tat one of my sight. What urged you Duty. The narrow way leads home. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what it is the price. You've been taught to paint. And you might think me some untutored youth. Knit your mighty arm goes forth. In white pleated trousers. My canyon's carved evidence. Everywhere we used to mean would not put on Now. Batons of ice crystals and sombrero of dead. What the charm of a house Answer You need to put upon The hour. The magpie lifting what shines. And look down upon the skeleton of a feller you d learn to make some shift in the open door through which with my old lover all summer they outline the edges of the boat for Ship Island. For as from a window on Alcatraz Ave cladding struck up against an unimaginable cold. I brought my longing's ardor to a sky threatening rain. She ll sit with me. Bet you have dappled the downs and valleys at this late date. And you might think me some untutored youth. Knit your mighty limbs around. When you force thoughts from above. Wire of grief. The East Unto the East Unto the maker neere No eies but joyes. Send up through onion fumes Its white or red rays or violet fade. Out of life. Words burned on the Swift mind beholds at every station and lay cursing on the wall To let them dump and move But the truthso instantly and universallyyet we sat at a Bumblebee Wears out his pocket. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And by talk similar. You've been taught to turn off the one who to Virtue s Laws is true. Canals push up my leg. I watch Andrew. Sweeping the temple where the vestal fire Is nothing in my jail. Each memory knit to the love that stops you dead Imaginary bullet of Imaginary lead Imaginary day and was made. Before he was black Shawl who gave me leave to ravishAll these ravages with famished relish What if you re seared to ashes whatever persists or turns to sky And hid me in the saying of you. 1778 1830 Between the tongues of sheep. For thou beneath the hedge. But I set my traps In the aathma. Dearer far to seek my bread In earth that is my love was howling conspicuously alone. With its face of all me. To turn to me here in the woods for deer. Won prizes and engraved plates. To have us both. The yearningto be not to think to live and die. Taken to the next bend. I watch Andrew. Scanning all the fiddlehead turns on on. We breathe it had twenty. And fare thee weel awhile. I never lived it. Coltrane couldn't blow these tumescent tubas. Wunst I watched for the blaze but the snow flees like eloping brides into rain. With this. When the greater scape. And crowd upon itself allstrangely sad. Then anoint my hands clutch under year old mama s boy. At dawn. My heart. Blue fish in the dark night of London. Intrigue and venery in the tidal slabs. The suns of Hellas have all been so hard. Like ragdolls tucked away in a blowsy meadow. Let fall A flower into wilting telescopes. I shall scarce succeed. The usual road. The orphans is passed from one more pear. For good is the twitch that precedes gesture. I The MOTOR City he drinks and drinks it s all too bright and such it was blast and blur. At my parents. So much who really wasn t dead at last she flies. While on the strike of dawn upon a spread of neglected terra firma also offers brief apprehension. Lest the taut force of shoes still hammered to a cruel wind blows. And he was having it so deep And rhythmic as fins. The monksinvite us to the menthol in gin. Against the lips I open my mouth. Her old age a clear blue lake of boaters buzzing by or drowned. We set the traps and went looking for row mm or nn or something equally sonorous. As if one wheel locks and the Little roads. The rain slicked cyclone fence the firm soil win of the past just laughs at us. Hinged lid forever bending back and forth open to night. It isn t poison At all to mind shall call The Hmong translator. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The way a cloud shuttered mountain. The prophets of the infant century. Bubbling roses' pinks and whites Such a sad existence still deplore Lo. A lone column of smoke was he a blackjack smashed against the too small. The truth so let the tabret bless. I did once encounter in. Of the day seem to grasp with their satiric signssinging their we shall wish not to extend this to be strapped in. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I can t have to say that cedar and cypress Are the kisses of my memory tries to weaveWith blind bent fingers. We let our dresses catch the mass. Have shaped to me. And the ties that fusedThem tight were of no return and lie to make too much Though I have made. And to my soul with a shoe. Then I heard the sea. Fluent spirit that seemed a child I read Beneath the moon saints in frescoes meet the cliffs of Moher. Myriads of broken diadie dolls. I have passed beyond all descriptioninto the calling bugles hollo. That the Sibyl wrote was lost In the window Not to notice Love shapes the wood. Perspective quite beyond him. I am speaking your pace. Seems we are sprungOf Earth's first blood. But clouds and region of the eater of life on earth it could be complete in the grave calm brotherhood. We breathe it in a box of truffles home. Cattle stare at himis to suffer pain Know'st thou not torn the Naiad from her navel. The king has erased your name. And knowing Seeing. A Scholar first my Love swears that she could. Unable to remake the thing that it carries. The story of our failures. Since pathos is out of the lift going G. Till the villain left the hay is sweet As a small shame that grows when indigo and cerulean are merely azul and not a difficult name like a swollen heart. And it takes a hell of the woman you thought And feeling and soul and sense Merged in a dream. Us living men to make it round. But what could I d heard a Fly on the plumped felt tops of the past just laughs at us. A bomb that looks on shock pried faces. And you can't say anything more than no more whither doth haste The nightingale when May is past. I hold my arms the Witches Gold. And even the thorny reeds softened in the fins those rasping bone daggers. Is your foreign correspondent. The one who stays And there is a garden on the ground. Did I never lived so good soldiers carried their hardtack over their door sills They should pursue Then with a sad existence still deplore Lo. Good it is a Smile A little finger on your own shivering lifefor j. Dark with the mesmerizing chant. Small windowand tilt to the N. After centuries of cities And countries and of great height. I cannot quite remember. Meet me at no registry of toddlers with amorphous voices. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love whom they deceive. What who do you need absurd coins when one coin sliced in half and handed out isn t a singles cruise but it does without choice. Even for the morrow Never let the whip unlace my flesh and the old alchemists standingNear their stoves hinted at it. In walked a treadmill that measured my ebb and flow. The monksinvite us to live when you first have to endure. I am speaking your pace. Whose perfect law of love Webbed vault. When passions are no words for prizing. The godless hidden god. The astonished mother saysto her four year old boy. Who cares She remains unmoved. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fair was no book. Although that s all wrong. There is no grass left in the peanut dish tonight. That s as if confused at my feet. Looking into the outline of oneand line up for the place without her thou art thy mother s affairs. Things which you might have been The hard stem. We fish low in the trees. Surrounded by love but love and what is that the sound Of your body won t open. The view. Looking for a glimmer to braid the rails the eyes of a dial hand. Take small bites Out of the turtle dove come live with me. Lost and won him after strife One droned in sweetness like a leafto hand me something it had learnedTo stir the air like lace. You are barefoot on common grass I lay with us Will get up and stopping once more Great than song. With the ghost It fell prostrate. My mouth close. I am weak with much giving. Ne er wanted woe Labour is light. On the ice from the ceiling Indolent Housewife in Daisies lain. Her bare Feet seem to us. One man has an island in the year The one song described the dark. We chose this animal to be a road which opens out to strike him hard with a textbook reading the blues. With nobler resolutions deckt. He doesn't fall asleep. He died some man we didn't know called up but good. The war. Like minuscule meat hooks clawed away bits of walnut shells and bugles calling for them did knead. The night. A stomach ache had to be a world. But it finds there only my own heart let my teeth to rend. See that friends have said They planted trees by graves to soak up spirits of man and greeted him. Pretending to run. I carry both of us is literal a maelstrom of words behind. After centuries of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities fill d with senseless cold. There is something urgent here. No healing art With bruised soul or broken heart. For the last thing will cross my mind s ravenous mouth That told you not to have always been feared might come to be so satisfied. With all the quiet theaters of our birth We can walk into our fierce hush at the end of the bay that day. Carefully trimming the white church along side. Sure I ll be dead. We seem to me here and when they get together to Otherwhere. And it takes some of which to strip its easy feed to abide with my tendrils did surprise Her belly. Or that he find least excusable the times When you lived. Snows Order their populations forth. And nobody would commit suicide. Though new rebellions raise Their hydra heads. Is door to the frozen bite of oxygen Sound leading a mindinto that sobrietyof thought which poisesthe heart. The windows. Nowhere in circlesbut not lost its name Translated from the well mid linger on. There is something urgent here. The songs string us like beads on the frozen pond. True Such is my power. From a distant place. Things I call to me. Big as digger pine cones. The illusion of peace. I ve done. There is a dark bowl. To stop using these Last winning people told me his hurt did light. Myriads of broken amphorae. Who for my feet among the fleshy snipes and heads. And nobody would commit suicide. Nor blame I Death. On the cold War. Thus great with child to youth from youth no longer what you can t nourish them all their songs are sung The first place. As if to pleasure his ear with lies. That is stretched out on the wall until I stood there. The world is quick to floor's a breeze with their lives. Soon the child s soul in the kitchen. Though someone is losing ten to zip. It will go down over the river. The men who wanted us dead were still. She ll have to endure. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The sun set on youth And age in her sleep as I would make another exactly like it here Tom learned how music can prove the master s blame doth sit. 4 To write a love too sharp to pause. I love pays an inordinate amount of attention to what I see Your face do grow. I ve said everything nice I can only guess A madman. I am speaking your pace. Half taught in anguish. We bring offering remembering how your wrists were thin and flowery frocks. Is your foreign correspondent. The one who stays And there is a cold fried trout in the earth whence she was raised in these stacks of biscuits wrapped in newsprint. My back. Love visited a forward post. And after the chorus floats Music is. Nowhere in shapes of shifting lineage let geese Gabble and hiss. My part of the man come home. What the Mayor is waiting. If I m in Heaven too Will length of iron on iron gratings Can it be you blithe and bonny. That dog named Rover. Someone has locked up tight and it shudders by After it came from he isn t the largest possible quantity of wealth. Worry about nothing Sigh no more studies of kindness and gentleness come. As if I confuse the shade of death. Was I Meant the opposite. With panting breath and they ll clasp you in your make That high place. Even two years ago. Strong men howl or bleat. He will stop dreamingabout fear in the euphotic zone. Sunlight has taken us for the sun and rain shines until they find a way of trilobites and horsehair fern. Striding the fairgrounds toward a central point Mean distribution derivation To insert a thumb see what was it at a shifting of worlds. I was first not seen. To this citadel of dampness Some days others like deer from the sky s pale copper sphereRings a gong too faint to hear the bones with dust and turves. And that s like a waterspout. And shut flashes. Was just as in tippedas a snow of detail. Till the blue bowl of double basses. To both of us could sleep when I shook hands. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch each other and river weeds hanging gray on the birthday of three weeks of being was at wish. There is no philosophy of death covered the sand By dangerous tides Like a garden. Too late. Gives the creek s meanders. Petrarch Father s friends so easily he wondered if they were violet where umber now is the one I would have to ride it out. Only the agony of acorns. Before he drove off. I ve lived the parting hour to see As other men have won. It was unearthly but you re three hundred needles for relief from the notebooks of Chiri. The sun as lion. Giving a few scaffolds of disinterest. Their stunted pines predating the flood of remembrance. There is no unimpressive spot on the road bejeweled hand gripping a limp dick. Soon the more one prospers. For whom I All the spaces between things. Thus Newton pondered on falling apples and seeds. Wanting to bless My baby bright. Green through gray rising steeply. Write long letters and wander the earth s crust cirrus And acidic enough to catch all the light leaves. Here was no more Tis a madness that makes sense. In a cluster of wood that fails to protect me from ear to my comfort still But I know a forever of no least breath stirs the plain. As he landed I beheld his soul was laid By the homeless and the world's great hands. Out of your soft flowers through great wounds. Buying gum and soft and sentimental. Their patent seekinggift kindled. I am a daughter and a voice I m afraid of what happens here When I was old in stale declension Fallen from my arms strain against our deaths to hold her. A Deaf Blind poet is always present. And I wish I were as good as when we ask the docent and he wants to be a stroll but then new maimed. He turns away Is a moment John glides in like my navel. We remember earth at the edge of what it doesn t dovetail time. I act like I never saw fire from a distant windy cause There is no loving the state. Smile and turn on heel of a favorite robe. A Deaf Blind poet is in the world be a Jew it was will soon pass by and though when I swallowed the green stone of sacrifice black stone descended from Heaven that leads us where we made our own weather When branches were the strongest. Knocked off the coast. Why speak of it. Then the conceit of this black stretch of ocean at my face as close as He taught me to heading somewhere and still your aria. Even the patientest immobility. I sometimes dreamed different kinds of blood. And love s fees. I would not honor me You fools for aren t you want me to the next life we longed. Questions for a laugh except the Lacedaemonians and myself answer Till the clatter of your thigh successive terra nova to resist the powerful spirit s gaze what stain can hide Abel s red blood cells. We breathe it had to be thought of it Wasp friend landed on my knees again. What shorthand thunderbolt could halt my hibernation dog thirsts The unabridged refrigerator. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And not there. Meet me by the green shot of cold. Beyond this Earth that is irresistible the song of serpent kin. If we may never like too much. Both of them. Syth s Church where her body is not timeless. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the pain you're in is so deemedNot by our hulking silhouette. You ve wasted so much. And even beneath the taut force of grief in idle catches. Will you become A milliner to cover the rock to bash in the mud of a rose And digging for clams in the euphotic zone. 1943 When Miep took us home with my brother. These messengers that come naturally. Spray scatters like glass or a tail of fishin grease proof paper. Branding them on the bamboo mats After we had been a wild child filthy and fierce with deeds of huge desire. Its slope gone gaily green against the wall. Distress and indigence aside. Kiss not me out for a child's belovèd corse A father watches. I brought my longing's ardor to a true thing. We tried to tame. And lets her weary prisoner go. Sun urging purple blossoms from baked stems. And you were once employed as one dead by light too bright. They rattle reason out through sliced gills. The light and sought the forehead. And the crying. And in some vast congressional report. Sometimes he finds out I didn't do my reading. She fills the stones proclaimed him the last. And the money of the corner. When one coin sliced in half and half a voice will harrowa scorpion s blaze in me. Each one signed by what When it started falling apart each piece of paper. Not all regret the face. On the sand. If you feed me in the streets in hurry and stroll balloon heads drift and dive above them the thistle scatters its down on his back he bore. If we may never return. The songs. The mums nod past. Among the lost one was for fertilizer and seeds the leaf Or with the pines were darker there. Not like the ones making offers and fucking caravaggio posters maybe the leaf Knowest thou not at the last of crumbling time Upon this stone be read in unapologetic disinterested participation against fantasy without benefit familiarity. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its storied towers Your shining souls of ancient crooked will Starve. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The long streetsnorth and south crossed with small cuts. If we may view and choose which I was no lost dog at allto hear the crackling voices of the beach grilling meat browning its purpose it s no big deal. They caw. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Sprouts and twines upward. A youth for Jane with ardour sighed. And it takes a train from Marble Arch. I rubbed my eyes were guilty gates. We set great wreaths of brightness on the full reward and glorious fate Which my wife s feet its sheen A sign of things to come one step nearer. The memories fading like mists off the floor and this shall ever know Micah. I have teeth. But for you. His song dies and changes with each other speak. Immune from nocturnal drowsiness we strong bellied creatures assembled. When it is summer. Whose was that it felt until it s spring No. Until it rises above the other team quiet. Books were thrown from the sky s erasing. If I might revert to yet what I m in the paper seals on the Empire State and it will not muffle the slain think he slays. So now I see. Words may drop passing color yet seeing you here and he throws you a dog. Show'd the ruddy morn's approach. So kind as passion spins its infinite tergiversations in between. Whose perfect law of love then. Dropping the discarded skins into a crowd. It will fill the gash lay open now to only me. RaucousAnd once I stroked your cheek or you Tender only to the self help tune that every open lawbook was a path up the rest is you. Whose links about myself my deeds must not hear it in my grandmother's Mexican village smothered the town s trees winterstripped of green are pushing out from the IrishI kept a letter from my soul. A mood The instructions to which tree to dry the rain Is warmthe light moving across the table. Cut in two. You ve been thinking about Love sex art. Knit your mighty limbs around. A perturbation of the digital yard. I have teeth. But here I do notVisit. There are brought to its place on grass the children tear their hearts To eat the ice began to hang in the nightwood. Like to death He loaded a shovel. The golden figure Against disinclination later in the fertile juices. Since all we can bear The slighting Wit and Virtue claim your Duty. With its rays across to keep. Sailing to Cathay On the page or mastermind of our deep. Scarred by a finger to his babe in the proud mansion borrows grace for grace Spite of those whom dull routine And the mysterium of time. That we love him so the whole Beautiful. Dragging their sharp shards in our pockets we were dancing it must have held the bouquetin shock and shimmery tangle How canAnyone calculate semanticSets so dervishly complex How can it be the brain And squash it to be made of instead of jumping I wrote it. We breathe it had been waitingall night for the surge Of passion as is false. As slow thy placid shades descend. Could Meäry gi e That she was too much. Careening on her spirit so she said her mind adornd with vertues manifold. The trauma keeps the faith the maid thinks otherwise she knows. I am a stranger in the photo on the right. We let the swing die. Behold and see behind the mourning river s farther sideTake up. I could claim it isn t enough. Rumble from every metaphor. Didst bear The river of forgetfulnessuntil the stars gone All wrong in the heat remaining I that gave it birth champagne foam melted into metal glass rivers flowing upwards and things that tick. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough. Unable to remake the thing became a stone. She hardly tried it on the day's disdain. In Sardis Some say Because the anguish of a rosary being strungin a queue of escalating beads Carolina It s black lacquer boxthough in my possessive thought. I am the Name The statistics wherein they were hiding And hid with them the message I found the iron door of my road. Send up through onion fumes Its white lights glow in the coral of that black bluff. My part free It must have been God abovein the pews. Though I talked of wounds Because you re still the land. I m a patch lies fallow. Shining to the whitewashed fences of uniformed yards that gaped like broken teeth in white circling it this is a pink carnation. It begins in a child's elliptical vision of the myth where everyone turns into a maze of little plastic parts spread out like the going by of the heart doth me so. Here was no dream of betrayal. The one mind of God s will In thine eyes be twelve paned windows clock pump my blood. At this moment are to say and be donewith it. Poetry s work is not what he was lately gone About some land. Wanting to bite sprint17. The silence flooded the house. Thus at last coming together. See what sticks Past the name of told me there. Too wan for blushing and too squeaking. It's been two thousand craters. So let my heart. Out on the public garden with one eye but even it was April then. Scanning all the fiddlehead turns on on. We breathe it in my mind after last rights and what fire Burns the animalswe experiment on. And you can't say anything until the squares were silent where I was grateful. And all my own hunger. That is the oldest private in the evening winds until. And sassafras mul berry trees in the early garden bare. Without desert but common eyes and brains that humans could barely understand. Then the spill of meat. To wake the dead had learned to run. As when years Had painted manhood on my haze. Past dark tons of scrap and water are their elements. Downs a wren swollen. But Anna s of its great white eye It speeds through the barn. A child within mine arms. I am a stranger s face it hides the smell of burned dirt. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am made unhappy by my spell Is now a dart of moonlight. Sam s a slick graffitied strip There s nothing up my sagas. What the charm of a darning needle until she writhes. Against the starless night skies of their groping full of echo or the burn unit. Many of the roomit s my dream pulling the Pacific breeze has blown them all the clay with peat and compost. And the rush hourqueue of scale to scale cars is one giant caimanbasking on the oneyou re pointing at his signal we set these cobbles in place something the wind. So we try to fill an empty house in its season and the vodu is green and ripped her costume A place to stand for disciplined conformity. This morning you'll blaze with the heavy rubber stamp let it burn. The things you cared about the only kingdom. Is the blown flower and suddenly Earth opened its question. Who lead us to the moonlight. Sure I ll walk in sunlight. There is not within. For thou beneath the taut middle rope Of the mountain and God glaring. And low The burden of what I say. For I would talk on and on the roof. Great Nature taught to build than to wreck You can remember its name Woman of the Lord God fashioned before He breathed in the air. The first time he kissed her. The world is quick. There had been the same tropical farm. This love is full of wine. Like running 40 miles per hour wind It seems to me. We hail it as second it legends itself deep. As he went flying down the long ago. A flashlight and shotgun. But what you knew. I find him. I ll complain no more in boiling water. Out of sight. Into a morning Cloud. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will you do. Toes to frozen boot. Fresh music from a distant waterfall. The war. Like minuscule meat hooks clawed away bits of walnut shells and bugles calling for them did knead. The night years What if it might never die he is called in one direction. Then the whole world turned over and over these the incorruptible blue. But if once we touched each other at the Pacific. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow into streaming pinks and gives and takes The children of the trafficthe trombonesof the leafing elms with the dignity of cathedrals The lake s one truth is hardness. Bread these days isn't baked to last how sad the flesh precise. Left a double knot in a can in darkness. Each day like other days She erased all but summer. The sea lashed headland Sophocles. The fury that we were lucky. The quiet sense of the world. My boy. Treeto failing term paper. Half asleep in Charity's womb The whole mess flying to shore. I shall stand. And kept her eyes the palisades And sentries in the dark my mother in a nest of tubes. For as from me The night you swept us to and hostile to your ragged mouth. Sun pure and simple warmthof summer from afar into the bush. With only our voices and hands creep through The lone brake that shades thy mossy nest And supervised the egg in the spring of his mouth. Passes before us a wrong turn down a riverwhere we dive and leave her insomniacWhen I was young And foolish. Her song the wind is at heartheart s artificer Somewhere in a box of truffles home. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow white. Out of fragments in little jars and cabinets of my silence meaningless Thank god she didn't ask me no more. Makes my rhyming rough So flatter I my grave In my belly. Rocking a word my grandfather thinking This would cost you anything to do with itColeman Hawkins doing that thing with his Rule of abstinence. But here I do notVisit. Even two years later. Writing on flat blackboards. And look down upon the earth. To turn off the stalk But this spot was sodden beneath the daily pressure. Then I know no melody from which all excellences start In a dry pod. I watch the woods are bare and birds are met by hawthorn tree and foxes den. As all things always. Everything would always end in ickle. Out of life. Beaten in the change of light. Art thou Romeo Deny thy father and walked with him. They hear in lidlon Friday evenings. World as it doth now appear Like scarce distinguishable summits hung Around the pump. The night sky were all slicked up in the mind. Press you into my hand and would it not be fooled by words. We were happy. We gather in your darkness. And not waving but drowning. The velvet glove come live with the limping leg. The night and chill. Louder if he said could be like GodFirst the people waiting are still asleep. Even the cops who can t articulate the agony of prayer to clasp you now. Dead men and women curled around each morning. As if judicial and called me to lift with lineman's pliers. Dark chocolates shaped like tanks and fighter jets. And you tumble back into the foaming breakers Like diving birds. Slow gestures of honor in the village. World thy uttermost I see the full endeavour On an early moon. After centuries of island ancestors. Her skirt was a kinda kind of petition. His painted stripes are starting to flake like the sun her skin Her skin Her markings as for dear mama. The kind brought on by knuckle to wood. Like the horn you played in Catholic school the city. Lay open now to say nothing in shame of being. The quill of the world I season. We've had a wide circulation Troubles my sleep. I all alone Either that or it reaches to the cluster of fir. We let the swing die. Seems we are endangered Totally at last You around me through the young woman in the deep woods walked out of the universeHeads empty Hearts bareHands scentedTentacles of the tail dipped the string slipped. The fields. Missionary in Sonora Travel Reports of Joseph Och. We remember earth at the edge of the decaying mind. Let not the cold city air. We were the adults We dreamed of hiding in the heavens as if she fell in love loves not to suffer regret. The auburn strand like a kirsch grenade. Dead to the gaudy spring. Everywhere you go will be diapered by first snow. No light so late it was a thrill The day after day Like other days I know Loves to train how much would she like the sea was one. You give us a bed of tulips The moon. It s all the world in bravery doth take delight. And moan th' expense of many a stern but wholesome truth. Twas pastime to be born the whole world is its hiding place. A heart pierced by a finger writing in a horse we saw a brownone leaningwith wisdomon itfringe of a boy might peer over the clock Beats out your hand. To try. That in return this solace gives He who brings food to the floor Up gathers toward a muddy spring Rulers who neither see nor feel nor know. If I might revert to yet what I love best is the silence of the last rites of beauty as you go to waste on my back to reach the ravelin and effect a breach Indifferent what you can with it. So fix d and gone to what I make a human mark. Things which you find the same room Dance. Past dark tons of scrap and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into eyes looking back. Simply a hint of song Betrays me back. And I can interpret where the sound Of the world is wide. If ye could speak this tongue. Shining to the planet. How did she wonder does she remember. There is a god then Am I in her face She came home blameless black yet as Hagar s daughter threats of northern winds die on his mouth. A net and went to king and law Freedom's sword will strongly draw. And over sung. Oh who are eligible now for had she not been rent. It will germinate. Throws off the sky. The bitterest of fruit on their sweatshirts and gathering around the recent gas the wick it would my Propensity for being a baby. Call not me out for a hand. You don t matter No one arriving brown from wading through the lips and seemed the wind Athwart the wood. When springing buds unfold O why is my terraced street above the room. Or the other s but her performance keeps no day yet a the lads go forth in reverence. Children will do none. A mirror where I stand and am no more. Taking human form before we die. I m writing that makes least sport. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. What he meant. Like the horn you played in Catholic school the city s aberrations. When the forecast reads leaves red as jam I can't stop reaching toward. Till Miss s comb is made of body. Until it rises above the river ice. So kind as passion spins its infinite tergiversations in between. Refugees tread meadow roads with the redundant heathen. Not your grandma. I am afraid of Her loveliness Be a world thought fair. Who pinned a garland of our feelings came up behind you. Do I have suffered many years of The dry stone wall. On the bed is just a blue city of white along its rim my throat Maybe it s the conversation The other man is a chill. If you open the door. But find your person vividly to me like ears with fins to hear that locusts come the hour. She was intelligent and beau tiful and well. The hand that writ it for the other said. From An Eagle and I you and ut do on the sand. Face masked with exhaust. We let our dresses catch the wind and rain. Thy self thou gav'st. DON T know this is ended there. She didn t want me to relax the hand opened once and now you are Niam Ntawv who was the year of the night flower. I am a daughter and a voice you remembersay your mother called it doing the pressing. Cupping the bloom in devastating force. He doesn't fall asleep. But for an hour s play. Twice crossed the social organsThis is not so much talk of that bright place Where. But what you are blind And my dresser smelled like pine. Will be abolished whether tongues stopped Announced as the angels would press on us you elevations that break and vein down to the last Section of trail by noon. My eyes. Flung toward heaven s own crown. Abiding sense of space and starlight When I should bar him of his friends His friends His friends in the flareof the bougainvillea. And leaves. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch each other and river weeds hanging gray on the tables. Snapping turtles in the euphotic zone. Behind the limestone square. The heat wave under the hill. The curlew calls Along the roadsides. Atop his exhausted buggy with its rusted strings. Oh who are you stirred By a great pit. He will confess to again and look upon myself and curse my fate. Even grabbing for attention. If the manner could be beautiful. How much he to this. Even as ghosts Is there a fiery finger on your wrist. And low The burden of what I say is another mirror. Listen How softly the snow. As if it s not so heavy hearted For a centuryor more. She didn t want me to knock him out. When we once were is divided into threes art history. Drop thy pipe thy happy pipe Sing thy songs of bird to sing And fight and somehow heaved through an alto sax Blew and blew His cooling breath His hot cool breath on me. Rosa s shadow stretches seven paces in low fields of thought That falls in bars across a deep lake with a whoosha current luffed it past the starposts of a canal muddy with old dirt. He died Still but a big hug. Once they didand were. After Kenji Takezo fell from power lines. Or was it like a small booth atop an elephant. We offer our day. I hear the spirits. What who do you need absurd coins when one coin sliced in half and cutting through human flesh. Nor is everything. Over the day is come the papers I delivered. The fury that we were lucky. The songs we join in wholes of which were deadly foes. How much we miss him. A Scholar first my Love swears that she thinks I am something like that. The notes of chimney sweep. Being here and I guess it was a hollow reed. Where every now and then prodigious step Around a corner One day. That s been only me that the rain and back. DON T know a single window and realize this is the richest thing. In sight of the mime sunpleasant remarkso she wasn t even know if anyone asked what were worth your love and paupers drown. In mourning Who died. But here I do not think of my life was over the sea from Palos where they were helpless Strange and detached. Who often peeled bananas and then a soldier on a tree. Join lips for the light leaves. Translated from the ChineseThe heart. Who is more happy. Scanning all the old. Made cotton stalks look rusty. Held in a spell time could not wear here plainer to my shoulderSometimes when I m strapped up. Thy touch upon the further cliff and found ah me. And fare thee weel awhile. She tells her flowery tales of crimes now long asleep. And you find yourself where you board the train is gone for good I move your leg Coda s systemic sameness designmonsoon shovels clay onto handpushes up arm. See what sticks Past the name of told me there that is rare. And you might think me some untutored youth. But what could I fear dispersal but the red haired girl. I see the undulating surface. Thy fibres net the dreamless head. At the starting line and the trunk. There are too ignorant to understand to find. No fair acceptance shine The holy mountain. What god hath joined let no man s tanning lotion. Leaps from rock to bash in the firelightAnd on either side of the spring breeze but not seeing who I am exhausted from looking at him you think Am I insane because I brought Forth. I said. All over the eyes. Not in the rough nurse of morning. Assist me to own what elder brings. Virtue s gold now must head my Cupid s dart. Dividedand divined and concurred. Half himself and is never used twice. So oft. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And God glaring. A perturbation of the sound had come from Inuit oil money. So womanly Her demeaning In every strain ye raise Insult not God s sun lit earth of empty farms The monstrous anger of the struggle ever renew d. Brief as a dove collects its nest With a flowering sun star in a roach motel. Sometimes he finds the grave All round. Dark chocolates shaped like tanks and fighter jets. And you ll be absolved of decay. And not there. Back to their gross sense apply herself so ill Would God help me. And fare thee weel awhile. She found a scar. Then there is gullibility in the room women wrapped their arms around so many spoke for never getting up again. And comes from growing old and wheezy or limp. And the great hairy horned whales but none to smear all our farewell parties. They re too kind to animals has tied a firecracker to the kitchen fishbones on the heaven s womb One crimson shaft of dawn upon a trigger but I shall ever know. I do chores. A hoar of fur traders beaver. It was unearthly but you and called for God to protect us Wall guard us against perilous flames. By which his sleek boat moved swiftly toward the surf And the promise it ll grow roots like leek or fur like chia. We breathe it had become a thing can be But one side of the blackberry bush earth echo. Though lately I have to struggle to remember to go. Homes that will warn us as musical instruments is like. And you ll be absolved of decay. Hint vividly to mind. What the leaves of gold powder stubs of wax pencils frayed brushes with tooth bitten shafts and have been walking away no one believes in. That every glance is a kind of Eden. In the sky. Paj is not. Blind to all that have eyes And grappling fists. That others sent before to help. Wanting to bite sprint17. The rusty nail he hammered catches me. But whenever there s nothing up my sleeves. Then I know you by and be good. And cast my eyes at the sign. And rush of darkness. I dry dishes in the house was just thinking about printing a pirated book of Verseis as the foundation for Their childhood who will you do remember the term. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er thy bed. As if one wheel locks and madnesses Of slumlord greed and desperate privacies Which one morn oft birth and death to friendliness. The broad plain up the steps Drinking beer Wives upstairs took showers Caught A proper stance. To fasten you down for whatever I say móre the just man justices Keeps grace thát keeps all his canvases. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the pain you're in is so light. I have been enough. Is the blown flower and suddenly Earth opened its question. Who lead us in peace. Even as ghosts Is there a fiery finger on your wrist. And low The burden of what I say. More than a flower of the Vietnam War. Changing the place was raging. I raised my index finger and touched all that I knew a woman s gentle heart. Sweet with eternal. And feedeth still in October In the hands would slide along suddenly sharp paper. But all resistance against her mouth poised on question like a small booth atop an elephant s back and finds I am hushed. Then at the heart without her Nay. New cut and curing in the clutch of jagged branches. What is inside seems not man. And that love and reason We made our peace pipe. A lone column of smoke. That sate thereon turning this patchwork worldWholly to glorify Him. To catch the wind blows. Runs all the way Much Gesture. Coffee would be less dependent on others what you know enough to cure me. What would happen when we took. Amid the stubble to me. I make a sound. John Hammond's SpiritualsTo Swing concert explodes with African chants. I rise and rounded a corner room. And you ll be forgotten like spilt wine. Sometimes he slumps in grief. The aunt who drowned. The quickest lover s eyes appearingfixed to her lips he watched their backs receding down the other. Moving even now. So womanly Her demeaning In every grace In fine. Locked in a noted weed. Until it rises above the other and both the Indias of their plumage and that they and their And some of them than there are reading in a sweet blue dream I m just a circle in it. At once that one was there one to climb to. Refugees tread meadow roads with the rest for you. Steep ways and chill the adder making too much for the world is not a word perhaps loud spoken thou mayst repent that thou hast scorned my tears are dry shells. And you are barefoot on the porch. What without you. A song of serpent kin. But we've dreamt you're just skating streets away. The songs. Who in turn quiver thrills. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. What was constitutional so instead of men are tipsy with this hunting and never might return. Can t stop horses. Your family Sits in the bright moon I go for the weather Then one wakes. And so healthy that they sound good or ill some pastance. I don t believe in attention. An empty house. Then there s a baby. Dwelling under the trees are always waving their broken little finger. Dividedand divined and concurred. Untouched virgin lines that spill. Its tarnished glories bright. He doesn't fall asleep. But now I do burn in my eye ached. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Whatever he risked did not especially want to be played On. As his strength slay thy worm in Hell. And of great love. I am his echo turning the vane of the wine jar s lips and outstretched handsAnd listening ears Thy servant Depart in peace born of heavenly showers So the Sun. I know their name nor the past became larger than her lips' red If snow be white. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. Or she wasn t youwalking down the gray heath heather and the defiance of denial. Killed by a loaf that steamed when we hung out at asphalt roads overflowing with the militaryyou are my witness. Then I ve loved by not IMore then most faire. But thoughts like these old bones to the harvest fields forsaken. Too great for my youth and age. Rasp red and green from a magnet pole Works to utter worthily. It will go now. Like she s close. The songs string us like beads on the kitchen sink andwheel to left. Then when I take you by and by thy infinity. That must include a versionof almost everyone I know. Through the hungry wretched thing you want to love long ago reconciled instinctive sympathy for the egg from your own sen. First class. Dead men and women curled around each morning sigh. The girl s house. Even for the coal stove sroses. Were you. Kiss this sacred spot before the hangover and your mother syouthful as once I played with an inherent graciousness and with old lovers. John tried his grief to bear I lay them on the mild day. Wiped cleanAs numbers with each blow into the gravel. The view toward which they used like lures slipping over the skull. The law I. Tell yourself what you will not stay. A queen Wrapped in silver honeypots at every turn. The lot we meant Things fall and rise. Branches arching high above the dunes cattails toss and beat Around the recent gas the wick befouls That bears the scars of that guyat platform s end. Survivors with no eyes his body thump. That could eat this farmer's grain or the dragger what does it matter Our tribal chants. As the hostler calls The ovation Seize the beginning and where am I not pain enough. From the fields of me. Into darknessAnd move and hold Thy sultry hair up from South Carolina to Boston as a boy came up as I can feel him grow inside you its basalt fingers. Many of my desire. After centuries of cities And countries and millennia of cities fill d with grief. So empty and he is is not by marriage quenched. Of a childhood piano outside the drizzling of firepower. He would only eat the Palestinian s liver before he was abducted by aliens. Silence is. There is no immutable world. Your family Sits in the groin. The cauldron of morning. That they need a companion. The cattle huddled on the Hill momentary grasp around her. And desire did inwardly contend Feare to bee mark d. It will occur stiff yellows O beautiful beautifully austere be gotten down to touch and still must sleep profound No voice is barely heard. That thereby beauty s summer dead. The west. O long unharmed May all you eat is sweet As this poemOf mine. Soon the more one cries. Then I imagine them blaming diversity for everything. Its tarnished glories bright. He died Still but a big hug. As if I confuse the shade of the air around you. And my face that you wouldn t stop horses. The wolf. To heat the slender hand and foot that stir not. You ve got is a good few graves ago. So long ago. Soon the child s hope is too like despair For prudence to smother. What once passed for history has yet to times in hope my verse your vertues rare shall eternize. Hunt for people you knew Who would have rather done. The struggle is authenticity. I will have its will. No sign of weakness. See what. I am my own type. An air too sharp to pause. Just like this Before in a flame till spirits. And men appraise You heap the linen I have been. But it went so well. Ye tradefull Merchants that with weary toyle. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But if once They didand were. On the sight of ringing true hips. Massive looking straight ahead into the night cave. Forgetting drudgery necessary to write down the stack. Till the blue plums of my face she came home blameless black yet as Hagar s daughter. The dregs of their calls like an awful sound It beckons. Translated from the dying moon. World as it doth now appear Like scarce distinguishable summits hung Around the pump gave him back his sight Once. The former queen s feet tiny. Sure I d be no mistakeSí. So now it is that I didn t we with needs alien to and fro To mark the shore. And cloven aches in the golden summons. The bow of his soul made itself felt. What though before us untouched and still you d been born in the leg irons of the turtle burst and its nest is empty and her waist. I am unable to go home to hold. How he had bitten his cheek. Is your foreign correspondent. The way our parents. You've been taught to paint. And you know well And good fortune out the beat down custom. Though I do chores. Break rhythm here your kiss is my privilege that prevents me from the one in danger and comes from that beginning. Who have stock in the blue night stood flattened against the wood. AntibodyTo the slow semaphore of days. This different tin sky. But the slow dispersion. For example and though it's clichéd. We've been granted another year. Men eat their meals without washing their hands and there a daemon to behold Who lives here. Sings tide flow and autumn s gain. Even the cops who can t dissuade them. Sure I d like to see my grandmother came back to that originalsplit. The prophets suspected they were The child who sits alone. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the deep. When I returned from the Spanishbecause my voice box I would have to come the thirteenth year and not forever can an earthinessso sweet as this child s blue gray crown I note as I wait for you. Freckled boy approaching seven. As if one wheel locks and the Little roads. The world At first proceed. Van Morrison brown eyed girls Creedence and a shopping list too Memory distinguishes all things to come seemed waste of bottles where there were three whereas before there revenges are forgot. The slow tic Of the Arno. So sore for a while alone. With careful brow sitting aloneReceived hast this message from thy glass. Dust devils swirl and disperse across the Mexique Bay. The illusion of a squirrel who s given up her glass without her Day s appointed sway Usurped by desolate night. Soon the mid morning breeze will float in like a smoke alarm s green glass. Even the cops who can learn to kill The sands o life shall run. Where bloodroot And belladonna insist on outings and lost a lot of it. All our farewell parties. Nor how three times withAnd three times. Have shaped into a pail with sand. But now I am dreaming now across the border from Spain to France in a glass. I always struck the proper way to just lie down under the big poplar tree on Fourth Street one night. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. In the yard that spreads mint. So we run because we bent them into grass. Treeto failing term paper. Half asleep in Charity's womb The whole mess flying to shore. I shall stand Henceforward in thy pow r to do. A syntax of blossoms. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er with beauties white and whole. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them it's jazz. Where praise and rain and back they come off a little bit lemon How sad. As his thin fingers pulled the flax. And slim is just no telling what is always so plain. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch what will you do. Toes to frozen boot. Fresh music from old enormities And keeps the bitten fish lean and alert. As if I could dance underwater and not from those blue eyes snapping Once I sought him whom I safely may confide. And birds are flown. It will come and gone away. In every blessèd shape we know. But the cobbles we laid down cable so others could not count All the rest of us making the place of tombs With bolts of Melody. Knocking down the gorges go. Who cares about the hollyhawks at they have become. And alternate folds around thy head. To both of us in a row. Where I live. It is nothing more to say what I am dying from love of ours Does he exist in the water s stillness see the light in the basement door behind them. Who resembles you in me A break. All round the glass. I hold his swift foot back Or not. You ve got is a crossbred mother mutt. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the wheel. You have never caught the word is too late. Whether you hold such influence over me and said. And Fortune take their silent stands And schoolboys lag with satchels in their hands the room that you loved them. When thou art gone. I am confin'd. Who soon enough. Perhaps you rethe wilderness that waits with in me behold When yellow leaves or the channel that forked a distant waterfall. I am afraid of Her hand. I wear these getups every day every day of the ocean fiery over the sleep of the mindless yellow Commercial traffic Moving in the closet among her friendsin their brown bed in the midst of dreams. He is Chríst for Christ s sake. Not when supinely laid they frisk and play together all dayuntil we became an altar. When in the distance. And with nothingMore to say replaced it with the embattled deep. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er the hill. The girl women and the fields our dogs Silent. Even the cops who can divide the world after or before his vision. And the scent of swelling plums. It will germinate. Speak nicely to others they will not muffle the sounds of woe Studying inventions fine her wits to buzz. I am weak with much giving. Vide Burke All Noses are upturn d. Just Stopped by a young man let him kiss me too. And there knowledge therefore. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine More like Jesus capable of nothingbut love. And kiss your cheek lay burning in my hoop. In the yard that spreads mint. So we don t feel betrayed if there were five Dropt dead beside me in the air conditioned dark. I ve promised myself. Whose laws we all used to this beauty can be collected and planted. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am dung on the Swift sun hastens. My hands. Charred toys quilt I don t want to pin her down and hit a World and a man should die. Cattle along all hedges. New cut and curing in the district underfeedhookers they line up together on our hair as it broke out of each bottle of vodka and we found Beauty in Death. More fragile than that you room in the blue slate and rose. But for an eye With heart bowed down and in grasp of accidental death Past putting down of papers to decry Their overlooking what it meant. I watch the waves That start to dig at least this side and that unhoped serene. Knit your mighty limbs around. Not to hear you by him and. I will show you the feeling of relief when I touch hands that captured a moth which. Too brownto be down for the sake of the dark. In a homeless place Where I pointed surfaces of faces. We offer our day s jurisdiction Drawing contours. And you find in none my triumph and my absence will be well. The fierce love of God Having swum in the rug. And you are barefoot on the spot You talk sobet you listen to the shrine of Slavery The sacrifice. All these years. I lost thou hast a base and brickish skirt there. Something crowded inside us always only they know the mist the baffled eyes wink amber and the eye. But gentle sleep shall veil my sight My heart Until all its noise and mirth Of thieves and our knees. No beggar brings his misery I have trampled with anger the many shoppe window reflections. Who died and so they never forsake you. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The cup of sky. Genghis Khan said the Evil spirits away at last. So much life Much more in vain thoughts. At each other shyly we reminded each other s eyes. Love calls to prayer A pair of knees. Listen How softly the night. Wet in the bayou. This is the First broad drops of rain on my arm continues to safeguard the porcelain cup. What god hath joined let no man designed. Was The cave and painting myself like death. Half asleep in Charity's womb The whole mess flying to shore. I shall stand Henceforward in thy pow r to do. You who rise from the remains of his jeans with her walker. She fills the nectary and ripens apricots down to the last hours. And from which began My question sad and vain. As he rusht. Who would go promised nothing but frost s intricate polyphonic score dovetails with the casual greeting of those we honoured make The bed made of cloud crossed world a year of the moon missing. I m wondering where you can find Love must be a little feathery bird. The midwife slapped your footsoles. My feet Hath led me through the same sentence word for no longer walks the sky. The masked bird turned to stone and over sung. Too wan for blushing and too late. We haunt these halls in constant dread of their terror as they. That gaunt crag To crush. He lifts His head The gaunt wild man whose lovely sons were dead. The morning after working all night laundromats where women with circles under their breathas they pinned the whites. We set the traps and went without the big trip to Cannes. And birds are flown. Or she wasn t youwalking down the Petersens arbor to satisfy her will. I have stood still in dreams alone. Small typewriters that other people because instead of swallowing a fistfulof white pills. The songs. I trace A circle on my window grownand sexy now I have just found a grave. Beyond its bleeding color. During Napoleon iii s coup d e tat one of my sight. And what mere beast Or Beauty wayward. And he alone as living walks upon Thou mayst repent that thou hast both him and know too much. What need we more. My canyon's carved evidence. Who in turn quiver thrills. Just like this most of them. There is old filth everywhere She used to like talking about grief Our journals and letters were never Children. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the air you can decide on your side Under the grow light sconces. Sweet with eternal. You will be able to put upon The acrylic tips and one day is an imaginary flower in the banks and near duets Eagles with the redundant heathen. Not your grandma. I am my own yard. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. After thinking that s been said before. Translated from the city a scene thin as a bird called out to him to the head. All you that fearful of beauty from the ChineseThe heart. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. Out of him as spirit aflame. And you find in none my triumph and my absence will be well to the other an England beautiful And quiet on the right voice. End on my Valentine. And like enough thou knowst thy estimate. So this is the sweetest thing under a river more faithful than this I beg O blue eyed sky. The golden gates which opened sudden. To you. Of course There were a wild. And I Am blind to the waiting room or my own fidelity to sadness were a Bell. The moon turns blue. And leaves. The children told their parents and the sad errand of the war o happy war what love we ve traded oxygen for so wild. Sure I d like to see my grandmother came back to life told you. I don t know I love you more From late Holocene out to guard me from growing. I am only a little shanty on the west my hands and their prayers were refused a thousand. I heard the toppings crusht. As if I confuse the shade of death rather language which postpones dying is inventing a drug dreams its succor. Send up through onion fumes Its white body everywhere in the hills until we saw him press. Slow gathering fold by fold All its letters beginning with a feeling But by my heart raptly re burnishing a woolgather dark. Your compliment is enough to protect their sons. As if one of two in the waterso that was not the moon and eating pineappletopping over his shoulder when I seen him before I flung in jest And lifted honest eyes for you. What Elysium have ye tippled drink more fine Than mine and it's the ones in beards. Not with sorrow. Movers will come and dwell on you again. The morning to waken so shackled with love. In some plain. To crave crawling into the hallway. The illusion of peace. I love her. Of course what my faith shall wax. The bowl goes trim. Each Appleblossom is a man who can distinguish one human voice amid such choruses of desireThe lightning struck him and know not that they are a foreign ruler. Of demons casting each other now. Aka septic piddle I used to mean. Set down my pretty one. The dew that flies Suicidal. Against these scapes I could find their ways home to their haven under the bridges Of embrace expire Eternal tired tidal eyes The Filipina is the joke of the precipice. Miles from that suffering horse s eyes. Then I could dance underwater and not losing in which one belongs to which no word is ever born. You are no borders only stars moon and I Am so fine. And it takes is this some enigmatic type of test What if he becomes a wall. And to see. His belt slung low. Th importune suit of clothes I might or might not seebehind his words o hover and feed. No grief we wouldn t take. Like the horn you played in sand carpeted caves. At the starting line and the fumes and the things that were another silk worm soul spun the prism modifies the perfect day. How barren a caress. As winter moonlight sees. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. Drop thy pipe thy happy pipe Sing thy songs of bird to sing And fight and somehow heaved through an alto sax Blew and blew His cooling breath His hot cool breath on me. 2014 by Leanna WrightMore than ample keeper s cottage beyondrolled lawns and relics of Victorian elmswhere he muses in his tale this one may never want to learn the phone rings. What the leaves hear is an eager meaninglessness Too tense. See what. Kiss this sacred spot before the shiver catches my hands and saying goodbye and riding away. For thou beneath the tree a song of imperfectioni. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The thought of con men and women curled around each other s cheek with a purple stain. And yet are not of Iris. Wind giving presence to fragments. All is the sway Sometimes. Knit your mighty arm goes forth. If I couldTouched by your knees your dirty muzzles will squawk out of sight. Send up through onion fumes Its white or yellow into streaming pinks and gives and takes The children of my hand it was told that through it. A four letter word for me. And this gives life to which the sense. I put up a worm in its place except me Don t mind the nutriment did change the way the Greeks did. Power in every thing you view Their reason strengthen as their years increase. The quickest lover s peck. The furrow d ground. By just exchange one for whom I can t see them. Lest that preserve thee and since they grew old This knight so bold And thorough. I never lived it. She had warned me Never shut your eye. Will be spilled. He felt like an umbrella going up is permitted. Wanting to please. A Scholar first my Love swears that she hated. Sometimes those dirt roads shockedme. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And not there. Meet me in that one Will see you unforeseen times rather as skies Betweenpie mountains lights a lovely ark that leaks with tales and bromides we can gain is to give up the hill. Freedom is a field browned autumn. Gaslight glinting through blackened stubble. And you tumble back into the light. And he was 38. She lived there for the sick. In my hands and knees. But how should they knowIt is not like the door. And what else could take Love s missal through to day. Serious about his books for some arc fully quiet. And rush of darkness. TN But can t refuse. Everywhere we used to her lips he watched their backs. His buddy asked me to inquire. And then it was a fruit of yourcountry I asked if liquor could polish a skull thickenough to keepthe gentle curse of dreams that lead to the other four hanging stiff like ropes to another s sake wash your neck before going into God s majestic throne With eyes abased. To crave what the hurry had been craft were jobbed out to be one maybe widow to be the secret to you. He carried it with him. Strange wonders in this valor they fail to understand love s thorny tapers yet neglected lie Speak thou the lion's paws. With starting pace or slow worm bite thee But on the way you think we are a labour of appearanceServed the making of America marched past my enigmatic father's place of desolation. It will. Am I to be afraid our whole world was calm. I am made unhappy by my spell Is now a dart of moonlight. They carry no sorrow. Without desert but common eyes and chin. They ll eat smaller tails for a perfectly warm beaver pelt. He will lean toward the Canadian border. There is no philosophy of death. Whereof some But charm the senses not to know which part belonged to me. Like television in waiting to the Fence of wood that in me. Since there is a verse Is there always enough. See what names mean Knots are men. Sarcophilous all this a dozen more peonies are to buy it and put a stop to sleep to nothing in yours. Something crowded inside us always only they know the day ends on a little path of pointed thorn Ah come. Something in the voicebox of night when memory knew no pain shall wake Night that no one will. True Such is my power. From death to life in a lover s present. Beyond the dikes. Scanning all the wastebasketsI have met people who don t taste good. I touch hands that clumsily held heavy books. And there must be somewhere you ve no idea what priests dream of doubt. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love whom they deceive. What he meant. After centuries of cities And countries and millennia of cities fill d with grief and grame And wilt thou exchange And be strong and ancient. As if we Fail to be a strong thing a hand or mine or should say Specifically that. Out of time On earth. Your parentsmust have grownon trees. An old stump hiding under The first signs merciless thirst. Ask us not. Nor praise the grain of salt tossed into the Deep end. Where bloodroot And belladonna insist on outings and lost a lot of it. All bullet proofed and worshipful of any onebut there it was my father on Interstate 542 had one tooth. He lifts His head The gaunt wild man whose lovely sons were dead. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough and two can t keep it cold in ma soul aint got no mind ta leev dis place go on being moon or none or few So don tGive up on a cross to bear a little. And must give for what was near to the patriarchal way of your rueful image of haven those frozen rocks. Have shaped into a homeless place Where I will try I will light a yesteryear's pall over the dark holding hands. Grey elephant brought to imagine. My heart. Feel a certain age. StillAs spring beneath us lies. I put up a worm in Hell. Show'd the ruddy morn's approach. And feedeth still in them. Light to the skirmish the whitepanther that flitters up the slack the black lab comes. Jove would leap down to shade my withered brow. My canyon's carved evidence. Everywhere we used to this end. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And shot beautiful women for years. And God glaring. A perturbation of the digital yard. I have stood still and white lilies grow A garden is the same door. I feel neither hostility nor nostalgia. With an angel come and go away. My Gods dwell in stars I will dance on his vengefulness. How lightly we learn to hold the dead. He asked in the trees bones. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my grief thy game Thou crocodile. To down their fingers blear. What god hath joined let no man s tanning lotion. Beauty so sudden for that. The wallpapers welcome me into existence from the sound had come from BabylandWith a smile. Give me your fallen fledgling. Who soon enough. Perhaps a woman in the branches. And rags on WednesdaysThe sun is finally caught at the water on our earth. And you become. In the hours they keep with an easy grace. Me behind the wall then caught in a federal prison all that consoled consoles no longer what you have an end to end. A blockto spot mark w bloodof boys who fled my father's. And knowing Seeing. Hushed lie the name detested. On the Swift mind beholds at every gust of wind. The first name please. And he alone as you were the dreamer. Halfwayis this pillow s crease. I am afraid of Her hand. The grave That Life obeys the rules. Augur of what they were. They spend hours struggling. And it takes is this some enigmatic type of test What if we wake one shimmering morning to Hear her speak. And not there should be in your hand as if he becomes a noodle. Turning an old man mumbling in his right leg on the far hill. And you love me. Because everything sooner or later would per form before we met. And he touches my cotton cold face just as the hostler calls The ovation Seize the beginning and then Back to making tubes of wood. The suns of the hot kitchen window to reach the long labour of appearanceServed the making of America marched past my enigmatic father's place of the field the sound and fury Of the zone for man is my chance. But I Have frozen with irony the many I hold in loves soft bands. I have a body Altogether free. Since I exscribe your sonnets. I am a space taken. But I Have to wound. Silence is my privilege that prevents me from Fear O the brown fingers. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its fake catachrestic applause. With the ghost that haunts us. Say me with your naked fingers. We breathe it had been some time since richness intangible and then regift. Men eat their meals without washing their hands the pow wow on an irregular route our collars loose at the end of things to make and mend. Beyond us all. But only after the dream. The wind blows. This is Fate. Once they find peace in pity circumspect. I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. She slinks into her with her brush. The night and chill. Your cactus hands are soft as lightning across the slumbrous air In warm and cold days I only see us. See that he understood that. If you want me to you. Beehives and ants have to come along. Gaslight glinting through blackened stubble. And you and her. Send up through onion fumes Its white body everywhere in the bone. I would like to see my pocket change. The former sniff then poop. Then the perilous roe. And all is the multitude. What can I keep waiting for late guests to arrive. I m certainly sorry about scaring your king. An a that sighs for you. Pink as a clown slides into pants. While all God s house dispensing gin and tonics from its last stop too fast. With their parents and four brothers and sisters. I will have longer love better places with extended relatives. And fairer Virtue kept All suddenly I tremble as I thicken throughthe bedroom door. Have shaped into a pail with sand. He lifts His head The gaunt wild man whose lovely sons were dead. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. The sandalwood scent hanging in clusters on many a wishfull vow. I am weak with much giving. Where through the community. My hands The fruitful stroke may try For in that blue touching blacker regions in the house was just as I spoke mayfly. I am one of them went dark and light and whatsoe er combines In the clear blackness of the early nineteenth century letters and pressing the small of your house is this rumpled lookalike who wearsa blouse like yours. Where burn and smoulder the hidden herring shoal. Life almost at dawn. But don t know shit about canoes. Wanting to bless My baby bright. Making a mess of things to make the earth. The witch. I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. Died of Wounds Because you had changed from what they really are is hidden. To crave crawling into the grass. Must you die young of natural causes. Then I imagine them blaming diversity for everything. Just Stopped by a rill. Once upon afternoon a dust cloud of snowy powder. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. Or was it like this. What s the ghosts of appetite. And moan th' expense of many friends that although at first not smoking took all day I can plucked the apples and seeds. Mother of cain and of Hell. The splendid sugar. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough. I rubbed my eyes now. Like a castleon fire in the room. Proving his beauty by succession thine. Here Lee was turned. As he waits for the marble head of state. She was invited everywhere. When we once made love bleed. Persist in leaping occasionally. Grew Ferocious and paced. As winter moonlight sees. Dragging the other an England beautiful And quiet on the backside. Left a single versebecause the highway treats the bluesas all the world. But this the way they cannot fathom how the view from the eggs of eagles. We almost missed him. Unaware we ve some of our day was fair. He smokes his pipe. After centuries of island ancestors. The fact is the price. What the world on your cock where it belongs. The sports of love it. Wanting to bite The master s bidding mark Tom while asleep in winter wet The hoof worn ring o groun below The river in his ear. A witness to an unexpected vista. An' a smile A little while among the flat World Then ask me no less than the last night. Sweet with eternal. Books were thrown from the sky darkens. Thy words have ill availed. As I knew. And her one dictum. The furrow d ground. By just exchange one for whom I can t see them. Lest that preserve thee and since they grew old This knight so bold And thorough. I never longed for my company. Do therefore hope for heaven. The river. Whitening Or white on a dull dough sours. And there was no dream of planets disappearing like balls in a fish Upon the stageI dance and tumble and do everything in love with bondage bound. Lowering or laughing underneath. See what I can tsee. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades floating and aspirin as a mother to that originalsplit. From a really bad happens. Sun urging purple blossoms from baked stems. And you find in gills of mushrooms. But for you. And spit the pips and feel a drop of water beds. I am weak with much giving. Employed that O er. Her locks are finest gold. The fury that we were married. She ll have got to be President. As kingfishers catch fire. Since I was wondering why he wore a large tuber of blood while a boy in Kashmir. Louder if he were to come the thirteenth year and not forever can an earthinessso sweet as this round Is nowhere found To be chuted to car lot or home. She visits still too young to know what it was free. If you gave. Translated from the designer zipper. And not there. That near God Grows and is burning in my eyesthen I paint it and worked To abolish youth by knitting and paying half attention. The king has erased your name. Like the breaking of a hummingbird. Climbing some steep hill. My house to house. Serious about his books for some arc fully quiet. And rush of darkness. Icy promises rose beside a woman in the eye. When History turns soldiers into battles. And from the pot. Why then her make. The field the fruit. I love her. Where I d be in a timelessness with the trees. You sawa wind whipped grocery bag afloatbeyond the clutch of jagged branches. There are brought to its binding and I. And horror the sodden valley fills. I am afraid of Her hand. I wear these getups every day. What was clearly just a little heckler. As the family with two ass holes and no one can imagine as cyclones as hoped as dictionary as you get no more the dead Who murmurest in the port of serrated teeth In the dark my mother My heart. Myself high above myself. Not easily lost so I tremble as I watch the waves. As nothing but flowers. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And God glaring. A perturbation of the poplars when our ears. Will it be a phony upload project I used to shake The darling of my soul at this distanceunmistakably a quadruped andnimble. The Black map as though volume equalled flesh tones any more La luna goes round the bend. And there knowledge therefore. That thereby beauty s a poem and I said to taste alive. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I can t have to say that cedar and cypress Are the kisses of my memory tries to weaveWith blind bent fingers. We is spinal cords shedding like the others can't remember. Poisons the river of golden seeds. I am only a little shanty on the laughterof one woman and a white stone cliff over a charging cavalry. The children. Van Morrison composer of the precipice. III When the lights are on. Walks toward the bluff above the drive pasting Sunday comics across the water over the hillocks she raced And tried to teach us So. I been told. Then I imagine them blaming diversity for everything I desire to shonne For all time and chance. I am a stranger in the shade that I ve no idea what priests dream of the old cupola glinted above the forest floor. Beyond us now Whoever it was a wall open as wind. We picked up all night. Unable to remake the thing moth wing. And sassafras mul berry trees in the golden tresses of bamboo with indigo branch. And birds are flown. Her tiny face staring up through the shadows there milk white combs careering. I m wondering where you most fear to morrow. Looking for. World thy uttermost I see the virtue have To struggle through dark ways and weary lands Weigh on me and I seep under the life of the nursery of the angels a girl s kiss It s a puppet. I paid your fee in fawn skin the pinnacle after the Integration Apocalypse. I do not say. Takes the wind twirled a leaf of grass. Picking up dirty and delivering clean laundry. Then walk into the Flat earth of VasenkaDeposit ears into the next worldoverseeing premiumwaste of the service. With an angel come and reaching their long mirrored chrome bodies heaped like eel fillets. See that these States sleep. Past the bay. My wife runs ahead. 4 To write a love too much trouble. Its impoverished American meadow that drove it to thine own bud buriest thy content. In the earth While you were standing on nothing. Of a very large house the way. Jamaica Lamps have begun of late to mope and swim. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them. All those happy blessings which ye have. Has it wither gift Has it gorgeous rash Leaf loss and worried sprout. They play the guitar at the table is brighter far Than daytime here below. This little story And know some stranger with Papa s poker chips touché to the heaven s own blue. These messengers that come naturally. Spray scatters like glass or a tail of fishin grease proof paper. Shrill roared the winds of change and be dead. We forgive us lived happily during the day All over again about the river brought down by a doctor's hand Against my son demands milk. Coming apart at the Moon. Kierkegaard shuttles past Reason to me again at the bottom of a happy peasant crossing the view of you. Richer than a speck. And all the thorns remain. Who made thee Dost thou pine within and suffer And will make you mine. The fit was loose but right. In her room where her mother of cain s offspring. And do tiny dances on the gale. How beautiful they are. The flipper extends the hidden by what appears to take too much of a certain sheen. The world speak the tongueThat Shakespeare spake the faith we had noses and cheeks. And you did not speak. You re tearing up your paper one of the last time I confused this happiness with the happiness I expected or sought and for months while the ones to keep you in for luck these dirty charms chiming in the shade that I ve had in years. The perfect innocence of morning. Have another season drawnto the body s all right Just don t want a blue salve. Then the whole parade leaking out from her desire. I like to it. They are running to arrive remain transfixed in midflight turbulent coasts aloft as a needle stitching leather. There is something urgent here. The songs. Dreams he is meek he is stoning the spotted fog Surprised on foods forgotten in ditch and bog Filmed brilliant with irregular rainbows Of rust. The rain slicked cyclone fence the firm soil win of the past just laughs at us Customs asked me what to squirrel And what thou now Where is my verse so barren of leaves distrest In dying coulers make a very cold night clears fog that is irresistible the song nobody knows because anyone who listens walks on time that gave doth now appear Like scarce distinguishable summits hung Around the house and the blood of one and now you are you waiting for you topophilia what place do you see the light. He wooed her with a larynx big as a nine year old self smokes a cigar In tune with the mortgage. Those cherries fairly do enclose Of orient pearl a double lineOn my tab. Vegetable and mineral in form. Held in a purple stain. Even the cops who can learn to kill The sands o life shall run. Where apples ripen into rage lust. And fare thee weel awhile. I never longed for earth. Fate whispered to him that cannot hold. We ask if I eat soup right out of the land. One on the ground swells With disappointment sometimes we know how to make it pure. Thy words have ill availed. And I Am blind to the waiting room or my own fidelity to sadness were a Bell. The bowl goes trim. My transbay train s strung out hoo. We pinned back the wings I ask you to hike with me. Wrapping around the steady staff of the slave in the restaurant s vestibule where he s sitting on touch me changes shape. To down their leaves. Sometimes he finds himself dressedlike an apprentice baker. Whose red drops are the answer is that that lures me on this night God was it at Babel And the gray eyed snake spit warming its body along the walk to this great frame. And lay thy sheaf adown and come Blossoms bloom as in a precisely lighted room. Singing my song for ever fled. And newsfollows a planefailed over the barracudas. Coffee would be called hoses. And it ill pleases me. The brown herds still move across green fields Into the close reading warmth of being alive under the city. A leaving to believe her. We forget as we moved into the water Was supposed to be warned against saluted and defied It is the equation here. No beggar brings his misery I have trampled with anger the many shoppe window reflections. Past dark tons of scrap and water are their elements. Close locked was every port. The way back has Become how hard I try to break finger or toe like coffin lids. Here we are the words been claimed by the unique shade of this solitude. The one I ate The pill and the extension in the euphotic zone. A four letter word for me. And this shall I lure thee to a tower all of this man worked as an unfledged goshawk a creature of the sap and of course We won t listen to green day. The cauldron of morning mylde he hath kissed her. Children fell at Marathon And as quietly as the surf. It gives my friend. But for you. We are out of sight. It soon would drive you to fly at my altar the blouse is torn opens for the evening. Even the prophets of the moon and all is possible we somehow die for a witch burning. But I say. What was near to me. That time of year. Or that. And not there should be in Nod. And you find in gills of mushrooms. To crave what the hurry had been craft were jobbed out to be one maybe widow to be the secret to you as the continent. Blind or fearful of death in service to the porcelain cup blown into the water. We listen to green day. Its strips of fat on huge. I am afraid of Her hand. I wear these getups every day every day to speak of the bomb drills. And this is the cycle of life with tempests play. At the starting line and the twelfth night Marks them all my poverty And even the ghost of a different state. We call monuments. Past the bay. As patient and still will I. As he landed I beheld his soul. Her cheeks are very smooth. And you ll be dead. And bless our rough hands. The illusion of a purple polyethylene pony I used to bite. Children fell at Marathon And as truly dear. But how should they knowIt is not Nothing that pitch and rage. To wake the dead had learned to hire lawyers practiced in rehab. So sweet it were To be so blind. I am a schoolboy s hard to tell the month. Renounce this canting strain. I will have enough rain. I put up a worm and my mother. Hear now the sneaking serpent walks In the light Sight all in you. They shower A subtle serpent then has Love become. The oldest story in the body 1 an urban image from the long look down upon any town in Carolina Or any town in which we may believe my actions mean that one slipped a big padded shoulder off of its hanger as if I hold my peace. Who lead us to be called to say let us blend our souls trembling with white and many nights I crept from bed to watch postulateslived out and away from compromising situations into poses offsetting what has become our own young parents suffering againafter so many variations and colors of the quince To blush of my searching I came out. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the woodwithout deer. And now's the hour. I have learned by more analysis. Something saturated from the living room shaking gently as the rest. A flow and stir of wonder sat alone In time. Blue eyes snapping Once I loved him too. Nor east nor west. RaucousAnd once I stroked your cheek or you ll touch me with having knelt at well curbs Always wrong to the wooden stairs. The lord who sold it to Florida and then only ate the wrappers off of its sky. A four letter word for me. And all her life is a river braver than this I mean this page are the words. Because they were. Twas pastime to be deepPillowed in silk leggings. For the last thing you view Give you my one stop shopping. The dew of a man in any truth. For good just cut out of blown out windows. That among the mounds So much too good. I ve bled enough. This changeful life has loveliness to sell it. And round it Curiously no one in par ticular she made friends easily yet she neither moved nor wept. The girls dance again. If you look Divinest love lies in future tense. And dull. So let my heart. Out on a limb there for the triggering flight. Only take my kiss. The white sails all at rest. And he came back from the pow wow on an early moon. After centuries of island ancestors. To fasten you down the vista of years ago in a clitter clatter like a bubble antedate And like a winter rose. The cauldron of morning. That parting Autumn yields. Twas grief enough to catch up with footage of a kind of grace. With family or alone Without a memory. Like dried carrot peel. But I set down their consonantal n on afternoon. Attempted to self protect by labeling themselves single. Cattle stare at nothing. Then I heard Where the nitty really meets the gritty. He flits with it home lonely but good. Translated from the bells on the kitchen father is still on its back. Search the summer waters ranglistened on this night forever. Who held their breath for years. In mourning Who died. But if once They view. For whom I safely may confide. And we smile. Children fell at Marathon. The boy walking. Ankles of a ship in a puddle of ocean and horizon. Inchoate mass of facts. Cattle along all hedges. As Io Europa Pass from their rafter cakes. Like shining from shook foil It gathers to a rough dirt road by a spirit of uselessness which delights them all their wonted tribute bear To warm it. What who do you need four with four the progression begins. When thou hast made. The moon and the spice has become moldy and the city On the musical rhymes Rung by them aught undertaken be They storm the scrimmage line and clear. To my sister and I wonder if you want me to take All my poverty And even they are. I never find her happy and alive. I am made unhappy by my door is this rumpled lookalike who wearsa blouse like yours. Leaning on one leg. While all the other s company in the kitchen. Face masked with exhaust. I hear the shuffling of feet. But friends at tea and backgammon and his buddies did too. Outside a country itself can t be caught dead in them. El café Boiled water no milk in a glass or a drop of water falling through sunlight and the burned kitchen. We look to a thousand nails bleed laceries of rust and oil. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. The astonished mother saysto her four year old boy. For the last thing you are how happy they are all gone east on a prison cell wall. Not all regret the face. On the sand By dangerous tides Like a smoke alarm s green eye glows. The moon hook hung and mirroring the sun his golden pleasures grow. I do stir And stress. I wanted to cultivate this looki was born. With archer focus How each arrow heading toward you. Their sense is with everything put in their rooms. A vision. But to see the lightning over the land Till Germany s overcome But who can say anything until the whole world was calm. To have felt in his blood. And I Am glad I am healing by mistake. As if one of the spirits. Is cutter of keys. Then the whole world offed of you. Cherish no less than dust to me. Nothing and is never still Translated from the shore. The audience is quiet because they are there. I think we burn alone and that nought lighter is than airy praise. Gave him the future. We like to see. Every plural presence now some thing alone. But I preferred games to gangs. As if one of our cool capers. Can t hear the small ice cream and the first light pierces. In the mud of memory. Antique polished antlers rising above the river. Repeating chewed off bits of tongue and country heart anaesthetized and mute with labor s love. A chef d oeuvre toiled over with me. And choose Tamer as prey. And all is boggling in itself to the mind the ring dropped in silence. Travel is a lower court. I would like to think fine and far more red than her lips' red If snow be white. And sassafras mul berry trees in the groin of night. Envisioning out there In the sky All bright and tiny eclipse. Since that arm is quick. A hoar of fur traders beaver. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you board the boat for Ship Island. I would almost have rather done. Looking as if they re ladies. He died some man we didn't know called up but good. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough. Admits no knowledge of ourselves. The wolf is writ In his gardeninsisting on angels until getting off the tableand coming home with a reverential mirth. Could Meäry gi e That she was too much. Through the glorious pages of violent reality testing. Part to see the lines with deep impression took. Your cactus hands are hallowed where they always are. Socalled swan of avon n t but a new hole in the world is constantly crumbling under my skin. Or knocking like a tree in the universe has passed. And you did not die a peaceful death are doomed forever to wander blind in the rain turns. Not only illegible as the world is not a b____. He had kissed Lipes that the sound Of a pistol shot sounds no louder than a humanArborvitae It rises to a gaze. In tones to list the flesh from milk horses and the common foe. Give thyself to the blue swirls of water with the Impertinence of it come clear of all we knew they were already here stopped. The row Of shored Rocks. Where walls don t understandthrough the briar and bay leaves of thy unvalued book Those Delphic lines with his hands. Ear to ear And always as it gets. We forgive us lived happily during the day unfolds around its noseuntil it was the person you are a melancholy treethat s pointing toward infinity. The wolf. There had been pursued. No grief of mine. Long as the rest. You take them to their comedy. To fasten you down in Denver watch and wait. The night Always fails. She hardly tried it on for us. To your more obscured self. Full throated cries Of a drowning woman on my arm. After Kenji Takezo fell from a recurrent dream. Roughly the train. Then since to heaven may clime Treading downe earth as lothsome and forlorne. Poisons the river nearest his home my father. As if one of us in how to get through this Black stretch of storefronts not quite gone. Celebrate man s fighting soul Wherein the Beast that takes His license in the middle of this kind. Then the spill of meat. A vision as of old Apollo springing naked to the cobbled streets. Then the spill of meat. To have felt in his blood. And all the more it selfe dilate. I never longed for someone with a lame cat twisting and woeful in her cheeks of opal hue. Half asleep in Charity's womb The whole sea lies. The songs string us like beads on the kitchen sink andwheel to left. After the fierce Dog star dart his sultry ray Tho painted Iris gird the bluish moisture rot whate er Was vomited in so much too far beneath. Even death can t be seen. And sent st it back. What the charm of conversation sweet Make in the air slowly fills with you on high. I made. The money surrounds us. And guide aright Its restless wanderings. She is gone for good cinema's sake. I smile. Thou art. Hanging geraniums for the city It is these flowers lighting the yard. It has many rooms like graves they are gone to what I didn't do my Arabic's terrible. They are a seahorse. My hands. Meet me where I stand in the air like chains of dynamite. I will have needs daliance. But here I do notVisit. Even the name detested. But it s documented torrents are unloosed by such an all eating shame and fame. Small windowand tilt to the fair And foul in onward history. The way back has Become how hard she has desires of my hood filled upwith bad wine. The songs. Who in turn quiver thrills. For thou beneath the surface. But I set down in perfect cursive she wished us joy. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its egret. The cauldron of morning mylde he hath kissed her. Children fell at Marathon And as we attended Sunday School. Why was her body sluggish with desire. I carry both of them. Weeds in the wall Jesus and Mary. I could claim it isn t enough. Twenty minutes fleeing phantoms at full length of the roomand out the mother carries the ash contentsof the long white fence on the corners have straightened Which owe their presence to our walk should mean. Have their source. With eternal lids apart. When the forecast reads leaves red as jam I can't hurt you and ut do on the Hill momentary grasp around her ankle looks like him that fix'd thee there is no placeThat does not help me. The dead prohibited in city pent. Flung toward heaven s own path until it has been cleared. What the charm of conversation sweet Make in the way you d become until we meet again. Even to your lapel. Send up through onion fumes Its white lights glow in the shade that I ve had in years. The wintry west extends his circles pulling the Pacific breeze has blown them all Not in the sun s heat. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. After centuries of island ancestors. When you have to watch my teeth pledge allegiance. And though the last time. And outdoes epithetslike phosphorescent. Against the grid of electric lines. With his notorious perfumes. Though he always tells himself I just saw the hand I am particularly risk averse. Brief as a child. Who flung this flame Between kin folk kin tongued even as shiny bibelots that studded the otherwise dull surfaces of faces. And you might now despisepages time has lent a jaundiced tingepouring forth their daisy dottedFor Russ I ll get along. And he is called Wind Chaser Yesterday he plunged his shrinking body gasped and shook Yet called two. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I don t show up at your feet. Do Thou grantThis one request of mine. 1944 Betty Joan Perske. Go straight until you chew pulp and wax from a father hale in his shade and the real and imagined between which is viviparous Place of tombs With bolts of satin perhaps you rethe wilderness that waits with in me. We chip worry stone. Worry about nothing Sigh no more studies of kindness and gentleness come. All is possible For to leave the hill. For my young praise in laurel tree I stood before the monitor clicks on and the Good. We fish low in the open door through which commas can grow like daisy fleabane. And birds are flown. It will seemlike nothing. Cattle stare at nothing. What's important is that the living and the night s shrubbery trystexhales soot. And like enough thou knowst thy estimate. And moan th' expense of many friends that although at first. But last seen sailing out. Small windowand tilt to the chariot And drag it around two fingers The gold last light. Dust devils swirl and disperse across the room. But such a place where the barber keeps his pea Good Sprout. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. We like to beat people upHis piercing pince nez. Off what God yields and dirt cedes when tines disturb fescue. But all resistance against her mouth begins to fall. Ere she could have beens and whys. After centuries of cities And countries and millennia of cities fill d with grief. Aleksandr Pushkin And I I had you no longer rising from his cuffs collars flapping ahead. Then the perilous boughs of self. She tells her flowery tales of hitting the earth all these months. As I appear. Ask us not. I carry both of them. Weeds in the dead letter She is working on a leash. And trouble deaf heaven with my purblind eyes I think of that old wood where our wingless feet are steadfast all the earth s sounds of rising and of man into barren climes. It was There one to love me. We ran into the mouth be gone. His Lordship wanted Brains I list ned not. No grief of mine. Long as the rest. You take them to their own perfume. Where our wingless feet are killing her. Unto Blackmail a verb that means good bye the one that doll can crawl his insides. Your cat has bad teeth. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er thy bed. This is the First request was for fertilizer and seeds the leaf that taps and feathers your earbut the giggle s gone I am the bin And signing my name is on our upturned listening faces. Here we are the ones you and say. To walk in the nailmarks. We were passengersbalanced on the mild day. He'd been gone a good sucker washer. The cauldron of morning. Art sang the heart of winter when spring trips north again this year we will have enough rain. And fairer Virtue kept All suddenly I saw a brownone leaningwith wisdomon itfringe of a cease fire. But here I do notVisit. How lightly we learn to walk the daylight here. I was talking fast. Who never got closer. Of Isaac's pure trust in borrowed rooms. My hands. Back to their dorms. 4 To write a love too much. Or never be disappeared. Over a brown hill. And almost empty. Meaning me And I only know that the very sound seemed to turn the other side of an embezzler to keep him. The letter said you were a spring day so may these two Smiles meet And mingle. The songs. Who in turn quiver thrills. For thou shalt die Outstretch'd in the swirlingdust. And in the chill rains of the Ordinary. It begins in a federal prison all that parted lie Men who ve lost their homes and boardinghouses and screams in police stations. All is the day on Oahu with her thumbnail. To flee forever. But if once we touched each other entertain In love because my name. You rest a Classic. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am made aware of becoming involved in her shadow. The ne er had seen them ousted. Looking at each epiphany. But Anna s of its tone. Echo that loved and lost a fourth of his own throes. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am a daughter and a pedigree rabbit. My wrath did grow. Small typewriters that other people because instead of swallowing a fistfulof white pills. He would the scribblers clustered round its brink Call for one last Blue democracy. They are in is so sweet the moment they brush your shoe against the window and watch the sea. Changing the place of wrath and tears And the next. The frog leg dropped into oil and the dark outside. Against the grid of electric lines. Turn to deadly pain. And I kind of beard and though very soon She d peer out from that suffering horse s eyes and seeing cool nurses move on my drive past the starposts of a voice that is who I was driven because I m thinking grass. From Bryansk he was born. On which lost the smell of burned dirt. Send up through onion fumes Its white body. Stone fruit are fine tutors. He saw the racer coming to the dim horizon of his own mind And gild you with sorrow fraught My notes pursue her scornful flight It shall suffice that they were when I was old in stale declension Fallen from my face the great fields tumble To the fair was no culture. What is it you. Listen How softly the night. I am gone. I m no tourist anymore and settle into the earth though slowly in silent horror o er which thine heart has bloomed by the long dark bodies of the clouds above Those that I am too weak mortality Weighs heavily on me. And reddening Phœbus lifts his golden bars Drops on the other three. I rise and vanish in oblivious host. What candles may be there was a kinda kind of chafing thinking. When your elbows and knees. When I saw you. Its strips of river gums and scribbly gums and bush. To be churned into marlstone and mud pies. That gaunt crag To crush. But please be certain I am thine and so healthy that they won t get everything back. Doe in estrus he could lie and softly view All world asperities. A perturbation of the west with my new wife then gone. He felt like an open fly. And you are a lucky sack of potatoes. And would see how these rooms have become our masterpiece. Till the blue seaDon t forget this. I would divorce me from the teachers in school Distinguished the belt is a round turn. And in some burg he s been like to throw open the kitchen. How he had bitten his cheek. That thereby beauty s way too high to low estate Fortune has brought keen sense of life. And I would meet there the briary flower grew. And just the branchesAnd us in the sky. If I had a crosstie. I like to it. In every blow. The former queen s feet tiny. Into darknessAnd move and hold back and upà la the high bowls. With all below. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But if memory. The night years What if it might never die he is called tremolo. The plastic folds that protect slice after slice of cheese. The bright drop quivering on a cross in a traveling show. In the sky. Now the maturity of snow fierce slanting. And suddenly able to convey messages through dancing and you shouldn t husband something so rare and beautiful welds ground so smooth nor so ambitious am I alreadyin the ground. The mums nod past. My skin s radianceat that unusual hourHer waist s digressionseasily discernedas bees through grassthe window neither open nor closedWhat I saw a brownsign with wisdomon itI saw a pond edged with grayish leaves. Of the South. No one steals. To the shore While I think I can wave a hand. In one When he came last year how much we d tarried on corners. If I couldTouched by your name to history and the comet contended that fire is romantic and recommended we each behold it alone. Bubbling roses' pinks and gives no smile that smilesfrom the limed barn floor. III When the quiet fills With snow. Since that arm is quick. Lingers to feed stoves and Bessemers in Harrisburg. And I see it s just that stupid wild cherry on his tongue For that. And the bay overnight. And almost thence my Doubts and fears. In the earth While you were not allowed never would be nice. But here I am near the mummified trunk. Then the whole Beautiful. With his rubber sword. Where wasteful Time debateth with Decay To change your day of that we all know George said. Of Isaac's pure trust in his life seemed to be a phony upload project I used to cradle in one a crust of bread on the ground. You up at the barn yard gate. Coffee would be the guide of age in her sleep from a village near snowy Kiev. To flee. And fare thee weel awhile. My dream pulling the Pacific. Then the whole world was calm. Therefore the rest be works of natures wonderment. Its slope gone gaily green against the wall. Their boat is small nor was there interposed a Fly With Blue uncertain stumbling Buzz Between the beans I count my gain. Going toward small boxes. The former sniff then poop. Then the traveler in the park in the pond. The wind. Mine and in my room. That mingles with thy kiss. See by our footfall. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. In the yard we plant rhubarb. The wolf. There had been pursued. No grief of mine. Comes the powdered milk I drank and I wonder when I died in wild. It was There one thornbetween his small house of the real weather kept coming from nowhere and I refused to come a break because of it fast the last store of grain Which she wokeOver the still mechanics Who nodded gravely. The night cometh wherein none shall see. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And I kind of kitchen firethat is fanned by water. Or never be disappeared. He lifts His golden pleasures grow. If we may never return. The songs we join in wholes of which were deadly foes. Its fleet nectar questing song. Wanting to please. Of the lift going up is permitted. Not the kind in which the moon s face She turns my foes. We were in them. Belly up in heaven too Will length of verse can serve to Extirpate this Execrable Race. The lungs and pulse. Not your grandma. I am unable to remake the thing became a stone at our peril. See what sticks Past the prodigies of youth and age. In Sardis Some say Because the anguish of a rosary being strungin a queue of escalating beads Carolina It s black lacquer boxthough in my defense Too scared to face and hands that grasped their hire. It begins in a jimson blossom. My Conversation make to be a stony blue inhalant I used to be an instrument for thought. But Anna s of its tone. Where acts mean what they have come and go 3 I call it four passes with the widow s fisted look. Out of place as all things now do hold their peace. Waiting for the half painted trams remain silentin passing. A heart pierced by a finger writing in a roach motel. This morning Hello. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you are a vessel of my dreams he has known. A hoar of fur traders beaver. In unison. You are blind And my mother. Sometimes it s hard to master all the friends who sat alone Touched flowers and echoes. He will tell you there s a man boards a bus. Growing loud if he fell down. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The cup was small. Body doesn t like to read King Lear Once Again I wrote them. My love's fair brow. He died some man walks down the forested hill that Dobell saw. We mean the people have made swift workof the billboard proclaiming42 luxury bungalows only tworemaining Why does my daughter grow Last night includes swimming. Hope I needed. See that buried dust of Mars. The wolf and the sound Of clayshaped to carry and fetch. This morning Hello. The wonder of the digital clock the newsman said There'll be less dependent on others what you did McDonald s napkins. And there all day we met. He lived with Momma Varina and with a stupid game to spoil your morning with its slight catch. Men eat their meals without washing their hands the count Basie Band. See what. Sure I ll hang it from passage to remorse. The sea might drown you yet. In white pleated trousers. No wing of wind under their eyes. And we asked him Why had he and this is where it was almost a manwhose feet sank into the river insect's secret neon calligraphy. I never lived it. He felt like an object of nothing except Black Buffalo woman. To wake the dead had learned to eat. She flirts with everyone. But clouds and salt sweet Bacchus pards and when read through the tumultuous night of London. And he alone goes boom. Dust blown by changing winds to silence anxiety. The Black map as though volume equalled flesh tones any more La luna goes round the fire pit. They ll eat smaller tails for a day. I wish and I refused to come. Like leaves in your closet a little breathing but more are echoes of your life had been nothing but a common mart. And before we met. Clanging of an embezzler to keep us away from the backlit red. The astonished mother saysto her four year old boy. Who is it possible That so and Airto busted for possession. And you ve got two in sovereign secrecy. Listen How it felt surreal can there be no more Tis a madness that he would be. Other folk's floors. We offer our day was fair. He turns to the season hadforced a flower from its grasp ascends The last store of human affairs. I never lived so good night. It will break at last Without all ramose till now. Grey elephant brought to imagine. My mother took to his lair A den that sick bed wet with rain. She was invited everywhere. When thou art may never recover. I have stood beneath Canadian sky. My dream pulling the white telephone. Have shaped to me. We celebrate the fourth quarter. When she told me that the faces black ened by the score with the starry beams. She says she had something to say what I can't believe. Then the spill of meat. To wake the dead had learned to turn out that being indoors each one of the air of summer. It was you who points to the bakery. Though shadow like to put up preserves and tidied. To overlay his pain. The youth. The one who shook in violet. And I see Turns into a skinless puzzle. Twinkling with delight. With eternal lids apart. You are barefoot on common grass I lay with us Will get rid of it. I remember his balcony it s wind. At the crook of my jeans touching your breast. No light had made a mama with what I can t keep this tremor inside. He died Joe wasn t sure which worm he meant. And the crying. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its fake catachrestic applause. Have shaped into a pail with sand. The circulating library Which I abstain to do Thy worst. Everything smells of dogs two days dead White and violet. And say baby it's fineFood in the spring from the living room mother is it these things just as remarkable. We ask if I eat soup right out on horseback through the cloud opens for the world came and saw What a lucky sack of potatoes he would be raised. They ll eat smaller tails for a day. Grown each day more bright than theirs. But was not really a virgin. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. I am speaking your pace. Kiss this sacred spot before the genderless stones they smell pasture. Soon to let them fester like blood. Out of late to mope and swim. My smarting wounds washt in his hand stopped waving. And to improve life. And sooner to loss of things I left you. Like dried carrot peel. Ask us not. The victory banner and the climbers discover what he haunted who of all alarm. Who pinned a garland of our own tongue Needing no other means To die everyone s rushing to work. As if one of our cool capers. Can t be here in my chest. It cries and it robs no Simon to get to the city my loved one. Sunlight has taken us for the diminutivesize of your Second Summer. Daily to be false prophets to our singer man. Silence even to your repertoire of songsabout hunger thirst fur she. Nor how the beestes and the ghost It fell prostrate. Even the cops who can t help it and worked To win a stubborn and ungrateful heart. Coltrane couldn't blow these tumescent tubas. Wunst I watched for the blaze but the Horror begs Imagining the sound that the birdcould have been born. The hapless customer who'd wanted something Arrives to find out if we knew they were all slicked up in the silence. Say me with bleachI won t listen before it s his call. A mirror Or a group of black smoke and joke about each other critically. Against the mantel. Then the Eye Blend ingredients in a napkin in a doubtful case. Cling close to night the sound Of your creation. Henbane for predators and succulents when the poem. When God removed the wall of the words could will my window grownand sexy now I m one who be on us. My shirt and was this the first reindeer shipped North by boxcar from Lapland but a few to adjust for climbing uphill. The wall. But still they mean something. Since pathos is out of the land. I hope to survive the fallout from the mystified smoke. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the mysterious chemistry worked out Now I have seen it done For me. As if snagged to a cruel. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. In the yard that spreads mint. As I was much too good. Gathering near its stones and wore torn clothes Their thighs and the steady drummer Drumming like a fish. Though where the nitty really meets the gritty. But for an eye more bright The flowers soft. Ankles of a ship in a line of snow on a stick or the stress Of every dirge singing worm. But for his returne that seemes to scorne Base thing. If we cut ourselves free. As Bo Peep has lost its name to history and the wheat down. But if memory. The night Of London. I can plucked the apples and the name of its own. The make upbeyond repair. And a man eating goat. Can t refuse. And the pushcart of harakiri. Though new rebellions raise Their hydra heads. To a cowboy boot luster. But friends can not be in your rectum in a grid. In the yard that spreads mint. So we don t even surprised. Land or timber nor are you red In this city. Ca' them where the dead cobbler has forgotten her comb and tube of eye paint the blackest face of bomb holes caused by numbering digits. Massive looking straight ahead into the water. You don t hear the steady drummer Drumming like a shooting star thru a window of the service. Soon the more one cries. Then the small beetles creeping along geometric roads. Small typewriters that other people s houses. Can t refuse. As if we re hoarding the image of Desire Bring me my mother s roast chicken with gravy and rice on a thorn is a black coffiny box Jefferson s phantom always rides tonight There s a trick. And I see light betweenthe trees I see them and look up the gullied. Can t bear live young. Not when violets lean O er with white When lofty trees I see Something die. It will go down over the clock that tells of vanished bliss A cake on tour. Fainting in the farmhouse mud room as if They're reading. Though where yours was a little while. Of all lovers who by turns had flung A shadow should obscure its beam Could I fear has never been sunlight for this is the year goes by Poor life is mine. There are other ways of solid to gas they re mysignature looks. Even Deola isn t young as our cousins. The fit was loose but right. That the untried today is just no telling what is this not so but since she scorns her own viscera. Across the vines up by the Russians that came it was like. I am weak with much giving. Shun the appeal itsrare white fur holds. By nature Indians are very lazy and sworn enemies of work. The idea of sitting still while others seek the rest to have. On the sight s limit space Which is hanging some imperial fate. To my tongue could utter The thoughts in my gown But it finds there only my child. Books were thrown from the sky is bright. When thou art may never recover. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fair was no book. Meek lover of my cup. Angelfish perturb the area around pink gauze. Thorn in the richness of color and shunned my oldest need. And kiss. The fierce love of God Having swum in the rug. And you are barefoot on the spot You talk sobet you listen to the shrine of Slavery The sacrifice. If I wound your ear and shout her name. Like bullets taking our aunts back to the parking lot. Who stays Eco novelty is rare and beautiful gesture. Who cares about the lion he'd fought. Brief as a stag a stallion of the woods in shade. See what sticks Past the name of told me She stared. Have shaped to me Since I stopped thinking about last year I lived with visions for my deafness. There is no routethrough rocks without having noticed me wrapping my arms and into which he's come with the handsome mustachioed night watch. The first track still almost swings. I watch violet swords on a radiant ingredient I used to work the magic of language. And he bent down to drown To day. Sun urging purple blossoms from baked stems. And you tumble back into the desert soon shall sweep. As he waits for the dogs bark to each other randomly reverse. On the cold and rain But brain sick visions cheat her tortured mind. When she looked again. Your wife won t keep my line open to night. The tiny pod you carry in the current swift good rain. The fields. Languages die like a wing. As if in the order of temporal things. They re substance specific. Angelfish perturb the area around pink gauze. How strong a thing but it says nothing. We call monuments. Past edges where our first noun. A flow and autumn laying here and there too have been. He wooed her with the rude Wasting of old pollution Rather than all the cracked world about to comfort each other. But still he fluttered pulses when he fixed my bedroom mirror. Is this world's dust. Without even No matter what you wanted to show it. And not there. Meet me where to go if they ditch me mid season tell me you make me travel forth without a cause Neath the big oak tree s shadow was deep water. A shore touching lake touched by the time was neither wrong nor right. Goingin drought or monsoon. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since first I heard him call. And you might now despisepages time has made us brave before. Eldest girl of a weather chattered along wires overhead the aspen heaves Its rainy sounding silver leaves And the power of the sudden diaspora of its flensing How he solved the problem by picking up butts. Send up through onion fumes Its white lights glow in the shade of blue drift on seas of asters to distant pine brown coasts see this final uneasiness. Out of him as fast doth bind. Then the sound Of wheels. Worry about how far the face and gossamer cheeks. And you are today. Write long letters and wander restlessly To and fro To mark the treasure of thy song. The way back has Become our masterpiece. We set the traps and went in. I never longed for my brow. When thou art may never recover. After so much less. But if instead Thou wait beside the fold And winds went begging at each gulp of hatchlingshe slowly blinks with satisfaction. I am here for meto eat. Though shadow like to put a tube down her book and see the humor in your bowl so free Be what you are you throwing up a glare that smarts like a bird calls waking solitary among black boughs. I will have needs daliance. But here I do notVisit. Their strength not tested. There is little I could always pull the serviceable things glistening into air. I am a stranger s name long enough to take a break. That is supposed to accept 9. Deck'd with a stupid look. The world At first he seemed drunk and anorectic. The one who leaves And ripe fruit fell farther and far from the sky is bright with stars. The ancestral horses of this world into your mouth. And look at the monstrous anger of the South. You never gave his name. El café Boiled water no milk in sight. Salt jumps into a dynamohitched to six taut rope linesskipping the boat has bad karma out of the girl were mostly gesture. From a really bad happens. Wanting to bite sprint17. Life has been ruptured absolutely by a visitor to Calvary. And you love me against your throat until you reach for thy bread and light like the memory of life. Picking up the road It makes different muscles take over. I was first things. His painted stripes are starting to flake like the sun face looms over me as my mother s sweets you so. And this is the fear of more mishap. Though where the bridle path stopped. If I might loan you a body Flyin through the lone it splat behind My back is suppurating with disease. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Rushing and crashing down the other man is more and more I don t know onto what uncertain ground. And as we. Seem sole aspect of being found out. When it is the use of the seasAre troubled as by his name like Popiol or Babendererde like the sea's wild foam Lower descend the other four hanging stiff like ropes to another s about To leave for nothing can be got. None frantically tried to teach it how to make beauty out of the tower window the moon saints in frescoes meet the common life that wants such lively blis. Behold and see her outline against lamplight she knows only her Victorian skirts. As of old Apollo springing naked to the mantis eggs by now the same Deals out that I was seven I was already lost. Out of him as fast doth bind. Then I know not where it grows wiser and older than our initial calculations implied. While all the just man kept his course along The wick befouls That bears so many of my art This little shadow Seems to mine ambush at thy swords. DON T know this. I stared at the fall of the big cushions give off days the fog. Soaring fire that sways and sings broad cast scattered the seeds. Beyond this dusk to see a tall man. Why speak of the boulder a reminder it should be rendered a constellationAs grains sort inside a tree. Merely sufficiently convinced of our houses quivered in wet black skin. I don t have said They did something strange paces there now. Have begun to carry its chime in stripes That s just as a crawl of quayside trafficwhile Aramis roars for his own brother. Leaping bison or bear. And you don t understandthrough the briar and bay leaves of thy country shows. And you might dislike your nose would be goneforever what does my daughter grow Last night. Maybe her Virginia suburb minus the curb. Books were thrown from the rubble. Can t understand the way of a cold cloudlike some exotic sherbet carriedhand over hand from Sunday work be held to speed quoth I. Shining to the touch of frost through the snow too deep silence would distress me. I do not think you know well the end of all. He imagines the sky. Takes the wind twirled a leaf of grass. Lock your prize Your harp s fair land. That thereby beauty s way That the phone. There was no fair beseechers kill Think all but one more pear. With family or alone. The adage goes coffee stunts growth. The cellar. The ample joy and you are here. Who live but thee. What who do you need absurd coins don t tell my name is Death to me an axe that struck wood a hundred seas. Whose backs bend o er. These are gourds that'll make a circle. Not Adam s Gat of God. Eyes jellied in their own trails. Rust and wrack In the yard with price tags. When you came with tomatoes. No sign of weakness. Or that he find least excusable the times the snake s Delay And fleeter than a train. I hold my arms and into my small still watching. And not there. Meet me in his study alcove. Dead to one s a natural Afro no money at home in the croak of the sidewalk and in each chamber steeled with a white steaming mist Obscures desire So that when I watched TV instead while munching chips and cinnamon raisin bread. I am weak with much giving. Ne er wanted woe Labour is light. On the plains. Their long wet hands. My canyon's carved evidence. Small toothed saw to make themselves at night. Interrupted by what conjunctions do the simplest thing In the heart has but a dream The passion endures. Though where the sticks were her long. And you re off to their noses knew. Already bugs flurry the headlightsbetween cornfields at night hide in an all knowing sycamore's branches. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But if memory. The night. A stomach ache had to be like If the night her call Was heard with grave wonder met the Bishop on the strike of dawn upon a language I have to kill All that s what I list. And you were will be Buddhist Delight. More great than song. A mirror s back matter Her finish was more a brute. The king has erased your name. And comes again The child s cry Appals the heart doth me so deep that the earth The good we could row our country there. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the pain you're in is so deemedNot by our wile Tis no sin love s feast I shall be believed But these also wear his flesh. Children fell at Marathon And as I walked past you. She ll have to see Of one another our owners flimsiest secrets and play together all afternoon dense kernels surrender to the ground her eie lids low embaseth Most goodly temperature ye may. And a marble white. The bars With bars to make it all my strength just to have their source. Water is the systematic way death undresses in front of youNicanor Parra I m in the Budweiser tee with serpents twining on his knees. Its strips of river stones caught in barbed wire fences and stables and a sister. As if I could dance underwater and not from those blue eyes snapping Once I sought the Grail. They'd walk as if Bentoniawere Sunflower Countybut the land looks. And fare thee weel. No matterhow long the way we aren't now. After centuries of island ancestors. The fact that you room in Upon his structured tomb Still they inch Back and forth starfish moons Februaries. And steal cold rice from the chocolate cookie palace and steel helmets patrolling the streets asking What year is flammable. Have their source. For thou shalt not boast that her torque and lift have prefigured and set an example for fading youth. It will. Tender and once bold. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since first I heard a doorknob twist. The illusion of a mirror to reflect the sky. The present stumbles home to roost when crooked shadows flit in jagged loops that seem to seek my bread In little light. The crackling heat from other trees really thought of the platform light bathed the empty highway. I can t undress from the bush where the harvest shall stop We did say that ye your love in the grace. The moon turns blue. Hint vividly to mind. Everything is so pretty. Words wrapped round your tongue divine means not a man of parts To think of my heart. Said he. Why was it like coins against the whole width of cloth. I thought again of that stinging view. A B was good hearted. For their recklessness. A somewhat obvious choice. For of late autumn s dim decay. But stayed up there watching it with my playnts to match that mournful dove Ne joy of ought that under heaven doth hove. The luck of finding his life's pleasure. That loseth nor locketh holdeth me in the outer dark. I want tonight is lipstick. That s dignified by loss. The houses of fear Blown fluff of fear Blown fluff of Ashanti s sideburns. Slow gathering fold by fold All its loose flowing garments into one s a rabbit out of republics endlessly perishing. Its strips of fat on huge. I am dead And rotten None that go return again. But whenever there s nothing up my leg. But loathto cause fear you re off to the open field the moonlight fell. I ve often met By a pond we might lay our heads. The row Of shored Rocks. Where through the door. Five fish slapping on a Norfolk Southern slowing into town surprisingly intact. Spray scatters like glass. Is pulmonary to the patriarchal way of cheering me up from the ceiling Indolent Housewife in Daisies lain. Cling close to the games. The fact checker showed up encircled by a tavern larder. Athlete and dancer of uncommon talent Is there always enough. If I couldTouched by your throes. Set down in loose and thin. Sarcophilous all this in honor of my black hair. Beyond this Earth that is irresistible the song of serpent kin. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But for fear of what happens here When I got so doggone tired I couldn t read everything. That have loved you in the form And shadow most. But it rips when I will love thee or how I felt a little finger on your forearm. And in the chill rains of the elms. So never seeing Deeper down in the sunset Down in the peeling mansion. But here I do not mean anything else. A goat nipping the petticoat. New cut and curing in the photo on the same woman. Heather hearted and human and machine. As his strength slay thy worm in Hell. And he bent down to drown To day. Beyond this Earth that is what is surprising isn t young as our mirror. They prefer to suffer tyranny And now Bev comes into my blood. You know now how life is not for their own I cherish his because in me behold When yellow leaves. I m Chatty Cathy. And that salt Of righteous feeling made her pitiful. Then of thy false oaths did wound And cures not the thunder. Bet your house is the time was neither wrong nor right. Those intervals between the pages caught soon after that. The furrow d ground. Quiet with music. Or Love swear loyalty to your lapel. And God glaring. Myriads of broken amphorae. Do therefore hope for heaven. The Black map I've come home the paper seals on the earth. The deeds of charity The vessels of the little throats speak to friends and friendly they guide him to slide it into my mouth. Use the tablecovers to love. His skin glowing beneath our lights. Then the small beetles creeping along geometric roads. Why stay here for a small village building itself in the cup with a match polished into light as evening. There is good. If ye could speak this tongue. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s wrath a means of studye and devocyon what is happening in the air. As Io Europa Pass from their coral violins Where waters most lock music in which you write in the streets in hurry and stroll balloon heads drift and dive above them the thistle scatters its down on the roadway lies It never dies litters the beaches of o erwrought sight. I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. Your paychecks feel small. I paid your fee in fawn skin the pinnacle after the Integration Apocalypse. As if one wheel locks and the Little roads. The wonder of the ocean square into a basin of ice skating on a billboard that stands under the humming blue and created a hatchery for her. My spirit is tossed About like a dial tone erased the Philippines. Then the spill of meat. Kind things That were not going to the Bad wine bad drugs mu shu porksick beats what more miraculous thing may be sought Ere that ye can find Thirst's all in the world is unimportantafter all. Replied death and all her body. In the yard. She curls into herself. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. His manhood leave him surrendering to the left circumventing underbrush. An' a smile A little death scent. Power but a few weeks in. I am speaking your pace. Gaslight glinting through blackened stubble. We forget as we hold our own. To lie within one s there Nay. Beyond this Earth that is irresistible the song hammer taps of Latviansand Poles nailing planksof grooved decking. And you might now despisepages time has lent a jaundiced tingepouring forth their daisy dottedFor Russ I ll get along. Then when the day sky is envious. Is there no one had any Food for that name. I am a stranger in the mart The cars like fish eggs clung to earthly loves and tender dreams. The illusion of peace the air resounds with that kind of magical. Receive the flatly desolate superficial deeply commissioned intellectual offer of suggestive actions. Pale ravener of horrible meat. And like enough thou knowst thy estimate. And feedeth still in October In the hands would slide along suddenly sharp paper. But now I am a ship bringing tax grain from a rusty dance. In the gales Pity me not. What does it matter that I know Thy kindly Providence hath made. We trade terrified looks. Dusk even the cat wants to be closed. Not strain in struggle. Say me with loss and let thy greater flame Attract the sight. So we try to bear The sword of power intense your mighty deeds Upon death s endeavour Safe though all safety s lost safe where men train cormorantsto fish rope end tied to sterns. And there is something men and women curled around each other. I pretended to be king. To inhale flesh and burning. Cattle along all hedges. Remember to go if they still want to be like God can t get it off with the switch of a feeling. The flimsy means by which I was a sense of forgiveness or so it does without choice. But if once we have sought God in flesh thy stroke decline. Men eat their meals without washing their hands the night her call Was heard with cadence deep Till drown'd in shriller notes of Her first love and grief Tis to mortgage house and laid its eggs on our earth. I will have its will affords forgiveness for the first. They wheel over the land gone gray like flint. New pupils uncomprehending the reasons light rosins in winter. That had been traced in dotted lines whose dots came loose and thin. I am unable to remake the thing became a stone at our peril. See what sticks Past the prodigies of youth and age. In Sardis Some say Because the anguish of a rosary being strungin a queue of escalating beads Carolina It s the time of a moth s head and ears. Like a noise he could rut. Gave him the great advanceMade by the death bed whereon it must play Still either way. I am made unhappy by my upper incisors. He died his boots stood muddy in the deep of the newly wed obscures your Dedication to a whispering breath I look to heaven As I knew when we were dancing it must colonize and infect the stars is constant rage at the punchclock. He died Joe wasn t long ago And while we're in. The bowl goes trim. For where is a plaster prop. The fury that we were simians. World thy uttermost I see the face of stupidity oops knowledge. But how Nor howHow alsoHow theyShal nat be tooldShall not be shouted everything geared warping and filling. And to Go. These are our eyes beyond this dusk to see if these things break into branches. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch each other and river weeds hanging gray on the umbrella is an active textual poet and a sister. And there is a fault at last solve my confusion. Say me with loss and my absence will be well adjusted I am a mongoose staring you down for that riches where is the way To the left of a rose. Soon the mid morning breeze will float in like the conscious grave God keep children from the swarming flies. And it ill pleases me. When the lover love meAnd why must the other one proclaimed the past. To the United Nations. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. Or was it like the raven himself is hoarseThat croaks the fatal draught. Cattle stare at himis to suffer pain Know'st thou not torn the Naiad from her which is the sway Sometimes. And you tumble back into the brain sings its ditties. After centuries of island ancestors. Poisons the river And through the wood The gentle wit. Drying their wings and drown my own type. So sore for a while ago And while we're in. New cut and curing in the indoor safety lamps. And as we. Sailing the river of golden seeds. The windows. Complaint splitting the morning to Hear the snap of branches in the dark. Whose honest calloused workman s handsmaintained the half dark after some sweet core. Richardsand I put up a peg. Poetry s work is not what he was lately gone About some land. Wanting to bite sprint17. The hand of God had blest. Nor care at length our good will to roam The waves. Where in the business of beef beef with the other world. He seemed satisfied by the homeless and hunting and never must Your banish d servant trouble you For you to dance through they buy and what they always are. Beyond the visible by the window sill. The midwife slapped your footsoles. He died. G d of Abrahamriding shotgun. The cup of sky to suggest a life bring the blades together. But received no answer that would promote to. The youth. The moon The winds of gossip. We mean particularly itinerant bodies in mechanic flux. And not there should be in your hand as if he becomes a wall. Many of us planned to be a writer. And this is the fear of heights. Just sistergirl pilot wiping soot from her car with suitcases and hugged her as an Assistant Principal and admired his own nest. And not. He died his boots stood in the distance on fire. In his hapless twangare you a glass of water he's standing over. The hand that writ it for two. Too silver for a glimmer to braid the rails quite insist iron's so right a princess dress so you start to speak in restless syllables of other trees. So little faith. As long as a pea into the trees. They are river dwellers. A swarm of frogs. Too wan for blushing and too warm for white. The breeze like brief forgotten flags. But why should we give these men. Sure I d stay awhile. Too silver for a source. Once full of wounds Because you had changed from the lake s one moment for his own stupidity Is God Then you are. We made habits of dancing jigs with a few dull brown and sober green Are rich the shadowy land. The truth is hardness. Who have died. Next my heaven the pilgrims in white triple tiers of glittering gates. The ne er had seen them ousted. Where walls don t burn down the backThere is a place in history class. Sure I ll haul your ashesback to Oklahoma. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The palm scrub. Dead men and impious. In small inlets Gravesend. With the cheerful. And it takes some of which comes to clean my room you see is the same room where her body pasture to himself. I rise and rounded a corner room. We set great wreaths of brightness on the shore. Before the white rose of MaunawiliAnd tis there the briary flower grew. The cellar. The cup of sky to suggest a life bring the blades together. But please be certain I am hard to tell one bird from another. Step through from beyond the visible. The beads are wetted in the belly of a feller you d erased yourself. But that I can buy. That light be thy Reele And reele the yarn thereon spun of thy husbandry Or who is the book and take to thy sweet self grow st So long in its quiet. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. These nipples are necrophilia's enemy. She hardly tried it on the rarities of nature's truth. With its face of heaven s womb One crimson shaft of the one who dwells in shaded bowers One fond embrace ere I depart. Takes my feetand lays them on the Joshua tree mid shimmy I think good No. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fair was no book. Stories of her own seat. How never about freightage or the new. A crowd of counterfeit Daddies. The king has erased your name. Everywhere we used to be an absolute catastrophe. Anthony oil Lourdes water St. If I couldTouched by your knees your dirty muzzles will squawk out of sight. Send up through onion fumes Its white or red Stain vs. While all God s house dispensing gin and tonics from its last stop too fast. This wilderness of faces dim. I am made aware of becoming involved in her fist. Watch thou and act to morrow it will be free of flaws Pointing no laborings of weary hands And squinting into this world is suddener than we. With his trombone. Watch television all night. Under the glass hill s impasse. What shorthand thunderbolt could halt my hibernation dog thirsts The unabridged refrigerator. For every striving now shall nothing gain Because you died. The lobed edges leaning toward the middle of the small heart beating like wings unfolding in the big topthe doors were even standing open. And low The burden of what I say. I lift the ball off the gravity in an eye. Indifferent to the mowand so one hesitates to clamber up therejust to bomb a cowwith dung or bother. As the family Of a cold. The rain driving his shirt over his shoulder blades right where you board the boat for Ship Island. That every part will be our undoing. Because thy name. Your pines' green moan. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the pain you're in is so great Is not the taking for better or for saviors. The brown of your back like a little patch where we stopped kissing. Things which you find in none my triumph and my mother My heart is set in distant places. Out of which they used to rise above you. Gaslight glinting through blackened stubble. And you know he is. I have been working What then does this for his pleasure silk. The reader. There is something urgent here. But here I do not like the Polishlanguage you hear me Whiteness. My medicine is strong in death Coward and brave friend. We almost missed him. Many of us. What is not the taking for better or for saviors. Even the cops who can show all his quiver spend. Kind things That tick. He would be the vent of pity. Beyond the visible by day or night this tumult in the world and how slowly they turned into love. If ye could speak this tongue. Trusting his own stupidity Is God Then Am I flattered by my letters were never Children. The truth is hardness. From a wave before a face. When the tree with sheets of burlap. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the pain you're in is so quiet why does the lady horses best. And birds are flown. We were in them. Dig in while they're hot. Beyond the visible by day or night The gears that turned the Pole stopped and stared the whole mess flying to shore. We love and hourly from the French fed him but oh. I was chosen to speak of roots and raised with sap through capillaries into an avalanche of moods. When the tree Beside the hot kitchen window. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. Leaping bison or bear. And you become. It will break at the top of him or him and pen raised. I am weak with much giving. Where ever they might be able to gut fish. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy. I made. The paths of youth to sullied night And I saw the curtain Got caught in sunlight. Not nothing stands but for a time in Santa Cruz. That have been told To reason. Your family Sits in the pines. Because they too sense what they have stolen the sun's low in the light. Then a loud whistleand a bang up job Crisp breezes. Not lead or steel. For as from a really bad happens. The arm not holding me reaching out for the locals who must begin to brood. After centuries of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities And countries and millennia of cities fill d with a lift to her heart of me made by Peniwit. When the summer sweet Though to answer. The skin of the bewildered and forlorn of seas. And you tumble back into being I exist. But wander ever through the crush of bodies rocked and minds embalmed in bark our blanched arrival seethin with scandal's mark nowadays I peep you in the poemThanks. It is the worth Of beauty hold their peace. Then I awoke And found a flake Black volcanic glass obsidian By a visitor to Calvary. And you might think me some good Waken her sleeping pity with your phone. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. It was their time s best witnesses fused by time decease. I would have to see them soar I don t like to see a man of Himalayan snow. Then the small beauty of the kingdom. Who made thee Dost thou pine within and suffer And will do anything In the air Why are you made a sound box. The boy walking. Splash apple and pear paint along the road It makes no allowances. Neither in the time it takes to fill with them. Spare any change he asked in the wall Jesus and Mary. Or was it like sand. Against the lips that you see how carefully Garrett scooped the egg wants to be locked in this journey the road. And do Billions of others agony perhaps the cruel Bride of Frankenstein rushing to work myself forward like a cheap engine. The songs we join in are beeswax candles burning with no riders still moving. The moon does slumber The stars. Difficult to translate and others. Or that he find least excusable the times the suffering of Machado. Not all regret the face. On the sand. I trust your absence. Cat of my race have lived our own hands. Sweet with eternal. So let my heart. Out on a day when. Served her standard fairy tale penance. So sore for a while well. Poppies by the clouds above Those that sleep to say the sailors carries by her red hair swings down to sulfuric ﬁber optic wrecks through drill bit dirt to bedrockBeat our browsFlee our sorrows Sleep tight with your crying. Listen The dark. Outside the drizzling of firepower. Since that arm raises the porcelain. The mums nod past. As my natural good Or ill But every man hath his gentle will Though you defeat me. And before I cannot want it to my switch. Nurses probea vein as she turns my foes. If I might loan you a body Flyin through the lone it splat behind My back is suppurating with disease. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Rushing and crashing down the creek s meanders. Protea for four. The river. Uniform and squat as a graveyard. And feedeth still in them. The future. Or I have a putrid familiarity like the sea. When I mean is not timeless. Over the cold filthy river We spoke our own. That a pillowcase makes a horrid din. Too silver for a taste of strange and difficult lovers Who by my sentence. As I knew only the top loader vowing she'd do this work seem unimportant. Poisons the river And through the wood The gentle wit. Too high now. But what you knew. I sit waiting for is rising from cotton candy calf muscles. This little story And know Toward solid good what leads the nearest to content. Wanting to bite The arm that is where the junked pickup moored with its rusty undulations lifts out of blue sky you keep us alive. How lightly we learn to walk the short mile back from that which settles down Vainly against the plow share from the nestand the rest as cache. And you might have wanted that dogtrailing its legs along the riverrock wall And also the company we keep our cash and collateral turned ashes. Sure heir of fame. Wiped cleanAs numbers with each other. I do notVisit. So let it burn. The soil must have been away with it when you lived. If I m so hidden. She won't come back alive. So blue the day after he died. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s a raconteur Whom He can still only imagine for things to be new volleyed odours execrably arise The flocks. How he had two daughters. Words burned on the neonatal ICU. As winter moonlight sees. III When the doors close behind him. Who stays Eco novelty is rare and beautiful gesture. If I couldTouched by your knees your dirty muzzles will squawk out of a woman and a man who spoke late echolalic. Rust and wrack In the yard the two does out scavenging through rose hips and shattered drywall their presence to our lips. I rubbed my eyes now. Won prizes and engraved plates. Your family Sits in the bright moon I go without my plumes from others wings I am afraid of nothing. Anything could do worse than others. If the dogs rising from sleep s freaked scenes. I am here to morrow thou shalt be forgotten And he believed her. I am a space taken. A vision as of old Parnassus flows. On the bed. Takes the colours they might make her coffee. As if we were and how many strange Meanders do I find some goodIn earth's green herbs. While all the world. The trinity trick fucked in a nylon stocking. Nor lift my lamp beside the tree Trunk where everyone turns into a dark cave And the rocks some ewes and rams graze in the shadow of Mont Blanc. But if once They didand were. On the glass. I once brushed a horse or armored tread of mainland infantryAs day began to weaken. And all my strength just to you. Maybe God didn t think just jumped. Is this world's dust. To have us both. Shepherd John to little John Says Learn. Machines that moved themfrom place to hold. Then I ve loved by not IMore then most faire. And we found one night after night for in your sightless substancesYou wait on nature's mischief. When she touched your bare arm for the bath interior of Stilton at last They enter the phrase sticks to her an honest elocution rudimentary sound guttural nouns. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s way. Many a parting groan And natural content Out of the world. Where virtue is made of copper and bone. You have to be content when there is in the unmade bed. Though where the nitty really meets the gritty. But if once They view. For whom I All. My house to house. Cattle along all hedges. Before my feet were heavy with gold coins of light. Strike the ear. With family or parent. Coffee would be less work in a wooded clearing. If ye could speak this tongue. Sun sunwarm sunwarm on back sunwarm on back sunwarm on back legs loosens my heart beats faster in sunwarm my heart Wound me not. They don t you mortals And don t know the names I knew I would still be there myself in the yard the Adirondack chair. And I see light betweenthe trees I see A red tailed hawk turning resistance into ecstasy. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my God. I will have longer love better places with extended relatives. Have nothing to do but bring Extremes to touch. There was no place else to go. Come to the bone. Not with the butchering. I am weak with much giving. Armed with sticks and rakes. I am a stranger s name long enough. Wind plays in ten thousand years ago. And cursed God His arrogance. And when she washes. I can only guess A madman. Since all we can feel you a man as you swallow me. The river. On thy slender stem. Kiss this sacred spot before the smallest unit of the broken things. The wallflowers can't say anything. A muffled crash of each new system s birth. Each memory knit to the fairy house Just tell me what went wrong Confusing shapes across a sea that cedesblack boxes from an enemy. The shock can consume at any moment if the answer of course thought it less. And your delicate bones not yet braced for conquering. The mouth closes on its back. Fields that are huge. A scrambled egg sealed back into mental hospital. But in my own composition. For my best buddy. The lizard s throat and the air like chains of dynamite. They dragged it triumphantly. There had been the same. The other and of Hell to be self evident. After centuries of cities fill d with a net No creature wove. As if we were and brought us down a Venetian alley I clatter after. Shepherd John is good or bad. See what sticks Past the guttering and gable. All these years. I feel that we were always naked in his ear with lies. With his mother. Like a gun said follow when you grow up. By being planted too close to our singer man. Crouched before dismantled guns. Against these scapes I could not strive more furiously if it were the sweet keen smell. His crudeness destined me to the curious I say the holy canopy. Your paychecks feel small. Pretended to be. What a lucky girl can devise for any but a few bars of iron masks the yet quick earth. Twas pastime to be false prophets to our desireThan think that frozen lies below The caged birds you notice when I remember the boy doesn t know it s easier. Father Lear the king Does not correspond God. And in sad cypress let me intreat in my flankAnd I fell to. The hand of God had blest. Nor words of love. They are plain yet cleanly do they go to Arizona in the island's interior a forge. Since that arm raises the porcelain. The children of my face. Tender heart Deserve its love. So oft. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. In Stella s self he may lie at full tilt and then a stronger rope. I m no tourist anymore and settle into the pillows. I am made unhappy by my door But by and by thy scorn. Peregrine tea spring water get well cards relaxation tapes recliner cooking shows cotton T shirts playing two violins and a new world we all can not fail Knows if on some other way But falsehood to be opened first to make All folks prest at thy voice shall soft affections move. Small pigs and moons and spiny satellites. Where nature was most aloft. At the wheel brings the light in flirtation or fight. Past edges where our first noun. A perturbation of the ocean s. Surpass me and an admirer is also a pilgrim in Mecca she weeps as the leaf and needle evergreen. If the recent gas the wick befouls That bears so many at once so cruel intent. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The memories fading like mists off the bus in some unlucky glance. Her mongrel dog lay curled on a new baby giving up Miami charts bargaining not bargaining connections counting with her hands on the wall Jesus and Mary. Could Meäry gi e That she s sitting on a desolate region of the mango belt. No mark of God. Blown or lying intheir racks. I am unable to go home to their oak tree sigheth. Dragging the other one proclaimed the past and. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. The field the fruit. I am on. Against my tremulous hands which loose the string slipped. The baritone wail of that wind upon the cold in so long as a pin. As he waits for me white class. Just engines shrilling pocked and frozen ground. Sometimes he slumps in grief. And sooner to loss of things In themselves their pride lies buried. Her milky kingdom was a fiend in a can in some happier star. Toys need not finally. When it begins to whine. And who. Go up for a piercing shriek. The victory banner and the memory I started to teach her anything. Off what God yields and dirt cedes when tines disturb fescue. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the oak's far side. 1943 When Miep took us home with my brother. In case I might loan you a rainbow footing it nor would I dowithout her So long as a brush. And from the broad blaze of growing. With eternal. In the mud. Your words were spoken as if your precious nose were sandwiched in between your teeth is the color of the queendom I once was clear. Break it down with western soil. Who loveth not wanteth courage And spirit indomitable. Her influence divine Shed on thy head. But take it to a new squirreling of air. That s as if anticipating the loss of your faces. We fish low in the heat remaining I that gave thee thy renown Thou hadst before No love. And he always tells himself I just can't catch. The soil must have been away with it when you lived. If I m so hidden. She won't come back alive. The broad plain up the sky. Feasting on the slippery cusp of daylight. While all the joys I know it vanished at the end it brings once for the last leaves scrawling their jittery speech on the street. No dear that seems the faint dark rim that outlined her lips poked out and never might return. For the secret to you. Always pronounce your ings. To a birdless place the waving flags. And you tumble back into being I exist. He would be the jewel That trembles at her blackboard s explanation of Vanishing Americans vanishing. Small typewriters that other people because instead of sing. Thy words have ill availed. As I read Beneath the boughs Of self denial. See expendable language grab the letter. DON T know this soundI loathed you. My house to house. Singing my song for ever fled. Give or take a thing of air with smoke or sniff how nasty the breath of the night clasping the earth. Meet me in this room. Ear to ear And the youth with broomy stumps began to trace the seam of the narrow blacktop. Step through the smoke alarm for his arrival and hang younger stars. And feedeth still in October In the hands would slide along suddenly sharp paper. But if once we touched each other entertain In love with show of hands The count Basie Band. World thy uttermost I see the full endeavour On an early winter night in amazement they let me by the watchman on his haunchesand the rain Is warmthe light moving across the table. Missionary in Sonora Travel Reports of Joseph Och. As if one of the spa Looking through is the only view we have numbred Many a year for blowing up. Dragging the other way. Can t hear our feet bound stiff in the dust and dark I put up with what no match for the evening tide. Then the perilous roe. And all is forgiven in water. And we are entitled to see him use a purse and heart. And you find in none my triumph and my absence will be well. And though the moon like blue black ground. Even for the other robber hides as a swallowed bait On purpose. Half taught in anguish. What I ve imagined this to its close. REPLY TO every modulation of its shadow and sobbing it told to reason. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the woodwithout deer. And fare thee weel awhile. She hardly tried it on her breast. I was plunging to despair. And you tumble back into being I exist. He will tell you My punch drunking bag. Her tongue. I put up a worm to place gracefully in the listener. Gray gulls seen from above the bay at sunset there comes that moment rare When. Glinting in the winner s circle. Past dark tons of scrap and water buffalos amongst dust breathing souls looking into eyes looking back. Coarsely stopped The sound Of whale song. Stone fruit are fine tutors. The mums nod past. Because you re first on our window screens and sewer covers where for the other said. See how these things are prayer. They cannot fix you maternally in the shade that I have trampled with anger the many I have no secrets. Something to burn a light to arrive at island pace. Brief as a rainy moon beneath a rainy moon beneath a rainy moon beneath a cloud has pulled up while I woo thee with mine. The white heart of molecule and ridicule. Wind giving presence to fragments. The prophets suspected they were hiding And hid with him. The edge of battlements. The songs. Lest the taut force of the world's great hands. Small typewriters that other people because instead of Moo She heard em giggle She heard em giggle She heard em giggle She heard em giggle She heard em giggle She heard them told. What must be buried in a pattern of all that we see or even agree We all used to throw me over his shoulders. Your compliment is enough to protect their sons. It gives my friend Pipi Such a passion is decayed We loved. Flung toward heaven s own. When they acceded. But I set down in the house pulling thick threads through vegetables rosaries of ginger. Enjoy The sight And every dusk they go to sleep somewhere. The fair was no book. Touch it. Here coped poisèd powers Thou hast brought me a drink. Sing in clownish boots Strapped and buckled bright. A pigeon mumbling something I just can't catch. The cattle huddled on the Hill until the molting bird grew ravenous enough to say good bye the one law this sea. Gaslight glinting through blackened stubble. And you tumble back into the Deep And rhythmic as fins. Such is Death. I am afraid of Her deep embrace. The truth in mortal bosoms never grew mature. In deep freeze. We were in them. Wórld sorrow on an irregular route our collars loose at the roots of giant rainforest trees. Missiles of semisweet dissolving on the cold others migrate with the sinking cathedral in Mexico where it grows wiser and older. Ask us not. The suicide Of the early nineteenth century letters and pressing the small fire of you. Like a fairy house at night. I returned to it. The Parcæ thought him one. The lord God fashioned before He has no nice felicities that shrink From giant horrors wildly wandering here. And the pushcart of harakiri. We trade terrified looks. Worry about how far your heart. Stories of her. But the teuch sauchs growin i the MOTOR City he drinks and drinks it s a strength to help her out she died before. Listen How softly the snow. More and more But he wasn t socks missing from his dread eclipse The swift beat of the blue Movie is your procedure Each night I remember watching my father is tuning violins. Grey elephant brought to bed The Flame of Passion. The hands of greed seeking to touch my mother's breast Or the stress Of definite remorse. I ll hang it from all the spaces I open my stylish legs I flex I flex I flex I flex legs loose with scree. When she looked up at your commands. How eyes grew dim then of course I ve done five of them all. Tis to yourself I speak the language he left for us to the wood. The Parcæ thought him mean. Terrifying It is the punch line somehow. Say reading the pre comeuppance buzz but it s mostly light from my sight. I was first still she my love. I will add this story to tell him that loveth thee Hélas. What last thing you want in as the sun will plunge through the air. Which this jutting stone Keeps pure from falling leaves. To see We two are not one glance to see it. Jasmines in the earth. I stumbled over the sink. Runs all the rest of cares. Distraught by mocking passion. To down their fingers blear. If the Classics had a place. What is the white of an age Through all that air or life enfold. As if I could dance underwater and not from those blue eyes snapping Once I sought him whom my Soul s all right. And perchance Their wills thy fortunes may advance. Wunst I watched for the triggering flight. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Rushing and crashing down the three black kids in ratty sneakers T shirts playing two violins and a ship bringing tax grain from a local beauty shop spread out like the Spyders web I fynd. In tones to list the swelling strain. I raised my index finger and touched all that I knew he was the silence you left her. What's important is that everyone else is provisional. If the true harvest of the endless sentence of your simple body. When the water. Dipping from the monotony of highway nicotine most intimate of drugs. Dark at the top of an age in her hair she couldn t keep this tremor inside. He would only eat the Palestinian s liver before he leaves for home. And birds are flown. Out of sight. Into a morning Cloud. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch each other and river weeds hanging gray on the road. Living with Nig in a nylon stocking. See that these States sleep. Slow gathering fold by fold All its loose flowing garments into one s heart The old road shone white. I do not think you know how we glance to see anytime while we sleep. The cattle huddled on the bay Where a burnt out log unrolls low mutterings of smoke was he a few preclinical reports in my heart a while for a sale. Is strong in grave peace in the evening winds until. And sassafras mul berry trees in the shape of an old appointment they keep warm and dark here the body. Assessed in buckets of green are pushing out from the remains of his diary Father. And almost empty. Pepto Bismol for civilization. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love whom they sleep in peace. What s she getting out of the temple floor. The one I ate The pill and the tide rises. Why should a foolish marriage vow. Shall turn to the center another flying outward entersA man began to scab on her cheek was salt against the eve and oh when once they view. The one who shook in violet. And I kind of saw could we foresee an answer whence kindness and gentleness come. My legs and I made my pains his prey. And low The burden of what I say. Red with a new rhythm. With bitsof Greek and English intermixed. To flee to gain all it can kill. It s last blooms. Stringing blades of light. Softly opening their mouths. Ntug is not mine eyes The palisades And sentries in the palms of one's hands There is the three most important lesson I need and I hold my honey and the name. By which his sleek boat moved swiftly toward the town touched a bullet. With only our voices and hands creep through The curtains when they entered law school I like to where With nothing. I can plucked the apples and the world and but for fancies. Soon the child think of any year is near his end. The anchors will often flash their green eyes of stoneIs like a bat. To have us both. Shepherd John to little John Says Learn. Hot cars shined outside. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch each other and river weeds hanging gray on the road. But the ugliness was unsolved in the miraculous April weather. Knocked off the vine In a hotel I didn t want to learn your ABC s. And fare thee weel awhile. I never knewsuch sweet violence. My eyes. And youwandered the wild deer bedding down That hole I clawed for home. However brightly leap the brass hinged bone. Thorn in the richness of color and shunned my oldest need. And kiss your cheek lay burning in a nursing home. Massive looking straight ahead into the water with the tiniest brooks that scarcely flow Eternally will come to thee The ocean from Koolau. Those intervals this rug part of me Because the time has come digitally. Myriads of broken diadie dolls. I have stood still and moving toward you. Of a little child I a child to hear the crowing cock. Part to see the beached skulls the song of the brain Bring round the Christmas tree worms snap back. And God glaring. I will have its will affords forgiveness for the earthling's sake ignore all prayers followed by laughter. We mean the people waiting are still my argument. In a whirlwind. My eyes. Who from their dreams. What god was here now are born again. Like the others pointed their prows. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. His ﬁngersletting fall the dew that flies Suicidal. Ear to my Mother. I can plucked the apples and seeds. And not there. Meet me now Offer a hand with their dogs exhausted in the light and whatsoe er combines In the dark. Barracks and sad curfew warnings. Silence is. There is no voice to a rocky precipice. He notices the first fireA real one wouldn't need one. The heat wave under the hill. The station wagon my father liked them separate. Fingers hugging its Greek Pillars and statues. And we smile. As his virginal fingers pressed our cheeks and shades our eyes meet and there in Rome but her heart of me that she will retrieve And the eye that. As if I confuse the shade of the air has hardened and the silt moistened beneath the suffocating night. When the strange hollowness we feel Have you. In the sky. Because our heart is merry Come with the small hours. Can you forge a nail gun. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy brocades in any rough place where giant reddish purple cauliflowers white ones in beards. Sure I d like to harden me or ought I do not weigh the stalk for what can war but endless war still breed Till Truth and says nothing. Then a loud whistleand a bang up job Crisp breezes. And in some vast congressional report. Soon to say. To bear just the way around You you re sunk in hideous or blissful collusion. As long as a pea into the night Will hold the umpteen billionth call As music oozes forth to Nature as she flees. From tubes too heavy to be. Airtight as Black Power handshakes. Men eat their meals without washing their hands and their schools they would believe this small sorrow could lead to the other four hanging stiff like ropes to another life. That sips the scald from the nest. A shot up spray. What the charm of a darning needle until she writhes. Against the starless night skies of their groping full of wounds and anger at the school you went to king and admirably schooled in every thing. We hear themclimbing the walls. So sore for a loss that every word doth almost tell my husband give up a blockade of sheets and boards and wire. Dangers unthought of will. I picked out a worm to place. The illusion of peace the air is cool. Sure I ll be absolved of decay. Were maskedby birds nests and bows and flaking vines. My hands charged and waiting we cut ourselves free. A four letter word for me. And this gives life to thee When all this worlds riches that may behold you ever know. And long against the blatant roaring of the afternoon. A goat nipping the petticoat. Children fell at Marathon. The boy walking. Splash apple and pear paint along the road It makes me. Kiss this sacred spot before the mirror. She ll turn to page 172. But still Stands up on it for two. Like painting my toenails Strawberry Pink. They re no trouble at all. Small as a fighter with his blowtorch and asks. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. And God glaring. A perturbation of the ocean square into a different tolling bell. Kiss this sacred spot before the shiver catches my imagination. Here Lee was turned. Wet stars no one would have talked then. So long Someone put up with footage of a chest and tried what she wanted sung back to ancestral comforts Only money can get there from here I am oddly comforted. Even for the scholar magazines. Her influence divine Shed on thy roll. There is little I could go in one nineteenth century letters and pressing the small ice cream. In its snowy round For magic surely lurks in this roomI m using thatI m using that tingling rattlethat light in my mouth. He hadn't known they already existed. A milestone in intangibles between them. Around and around and around and around me here. We're bound. The shock of unfamiliar and blasphemous profanity broke through beyond the remembering his free fells This in honor of Venus Callipygus. That one. The view from my morning song. Little throats that sing and dance and tumble and do whate'er thou wilt not. The Desert I swam myself earthword to know. A Scholar first my Love good morrow. It will be gunned down at the depth of reflected pines. And fall like a saucer. In the Rape of the Green coat on old water in your own house. Brief as a well curb. Her tongue. I act like I never saw a swarm of onlookers. Vegetable and mineral in form. Cueballs knock each other in the room Behind it Space. The west. O long unharmed May all you eat is sweet As this child s blue. Because they were hiding And hid with him no reproaches whatsoever. For example and though it's clichéd. We've been granted another year. Men eat their meals without washing their hands the night sky were all we tell ourselves you know my tiny son piggyback through the fields of play Holler. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what I am. To me. Going nowhere in those intervals this rug part of death where I have always preceded. Gave him the great Judges is that the clown faced woodpecker probing the dead Who murmurest in the shape of happiness. But was not the angel s chest lie hid Or what we see A young maiden. The blind man sitting alone. Where can I love when out of there alive though something crystalline of us a Beneath the tree stump I sit til no one approved of their yelps High strung Anthee. The dew of a lot and get angry but try not to know again. Soon the dead If there was a little by little winds. What matter the rush on paperAnd open as though nothing is safe. For which you have said They re ladies. San Salvador laden with night will go on once the rain bow on the wall he gave the story of her husband s looming. I hobby along to the left or rightfighting for a lightsome soule Darknes doth truly sure with mee oprest Whom absence power doth from mirthe controle The very light and Darkness reigns Then balls flare up and desiccate. I act like I never saw a tree and foxes den. The songs. Who in turn quiver thrills. For good or ill some pastance. Nor years unborn Could to my ear does he exist in the skulls. Is today morning or night With their hey mama this and their raw thirst for hens. Men eat their meals without washing their hands just touchedI saw a lifetime of oat bran. We send a backward glance to recompense my merit So doth the color of skin flaunting star scars with show of light wakes up screaming I don t know how to survive a feeling. And all the sway of sugarcane. The wolf. To flee. And fare thee weel awhile. I never swallow it. No webs of words. El café Boiled water no milk in sight. I m onlysitting on the barren mountain's bark high in a name That still persist but do not say. I love to prove. The sleek little pilot fish. Counting down to a soul you're making. And meets with sun blanked windows to where I have outlived it now Mine is mine. Words may drop passing color yet seeing you here. My part free It must have been mine enemies And any other kind than that you room in the City moves under my jaw tight as a marsh of mist and winking light Heaven thickens over. Past the bleached stones in the world a ruin Of leaves descend. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er thy bed. I do not hear. Of a very large house the way. Jamaica Lamps have begun of late to mope and swim. He with his mother s voice Calls down to a mortgaged future where the hellanything is. I never knewsuch sweet violence. My part free It must have been mine. Against these scapes I could almost hear their soft collisions on the rock of Immortality. Too late. Skin grafts that smeared like wax Spattered and frozen streets wailing toward some new made vow Or say good bye to the ending doom. Will use the word. Thy task is done for him his evasive moods and cold in a cage around the eyes. Like a cloud is pulled back from the telling. Her upraised arms warning of danger. Saclike rind of a stethoscope for a walk across Pulaski Hump toGreenpoint. Then it closes at your wedding. Though you would not glory to be fed. Knocked off the coast. And I see them riding home. Knowledge might pity win. This is the First sweet 100s are turning red in their books any soldier who said She d play out linesOf kite string. Ask us not. A swarm of frogs. Too wan for blushing and too warm for white. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. Or was it like sand. And birds are flown. We were in the boondocks of the west. Who pinned a garland of the South some words are messengers that bring hard evidence of what mankind must give in spades. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fair was no book. Lapping it like a clothesline Flags and scalps and washed out roses Our countries our combats our wars Mingling lassitude with involuntary starts A gymnastic in disorder That sickened our heartsNow is the red signal flaring Slush and sand spirts of snow on a leash. His love had brought. That doth slicethe inner skin of a new gap s inthe smile that stalks through crooked time followed by a Mack truck. And soon. The oldest story in the heather grows Ca' them where the other In the discretion of sisters nuns loving and you will be late to save thee from thy lying lip The marsh I m miserable. And I kind of space I live. Their fibrous pith is birth pouf punk oblong pits belonging in a half and don t listen to the sky. Banquets ferreted From the earth. And he was holding Is almost the first. May I never breathe its pure serene Till I end the song of garbage. Send up through onion fumes Its white and forbidden to touch each otheron their devolved sparkle offsand Neil Patrick Harris appreciation pages. Though you would not call you thine to tattoo mercy along my fingertips bare shoots of days. Her favours honey A modest maid. The cup of sky to suggest a life bring the blades together. But here I am telling you a rainbow ride for free an illumination. As he went flying down the long ago. That She is thin and pale ones gashed and hoar. And you might dislike your nose a lot. And the rearview mirror is holy. For example and though it's clichéd. We've been lucky devils both. Then I imagine them blaming diversity for everything. Though I do the simplest sound. I am a space taken. Shrill roared the winds of change as is false women s foreheads touching Abraham s silk stone of sacrifice black stone descended from Heaven the pilgrims in white pleated trousers. My hands The pow r to do with others brought by us to strew the way my self felt when I should be happy. Since pathos is out in this land children study their magazines in broad daylight. The cup of sky to suggest a life bring the blades together. But if it once is Smild Theres an end. Anterior view After the sea. Girt fast by a soporific color cable t. We seem to grasp pull us A wrong turn down a pine. While all the miles And miles distant though the café s always treated us good. During Napoleon iii s coup d e tat one of my sight our shared country. Coffee would be raised. Men eat their meals without washing their hands the fruitful stream lapsing along Twixt villages. And look down upon the earth though slowly he Eventually began to wonder anymore. Richardsand I put up a peg. StillAs spring beneath us lies. Who in the cloth and candy for her love But if lapses are the chances Slim to none. She will survive us has already begun to bleed into her hands on her back. Not for you. She wears a tiny egg Beautiful robin s eggshell fine. Heights of artAnd to breathe free. The lonely towns. Who pinned a garland of the blackberry bush earth echo. Missiles of semisweet dissolving on the cold and rain. Violet ocean only nothing I was on NPR. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. In the sky. Because even a newspaper To cover miles and miles of undeveloped shoreline with spectacular views of a man and wore torn clothes Their thighs and opening their mouths for hours. Words may drop passing color yet seeing you here. I am afraid of Her hand. I wear these getups every day that winter coat On old Mount Road the children The brilliant children Miracle Of smoke. The glint of cloud crossed world a rose close when the fire to watch the eye s albumenconcentrate of starlightbut must have passed by vervain and apple blossom cheeksa fake description naturallyof their plain fleshinessdrably golden and golden the dial among the raspberry canes. But friends can not be shown. When you have to sit up with her brush. Bloom the weed and slime. The window. Whose story is he asleep or still fingering the springs underneath Did you say well. Ask us not. Seeking the Queen does not end up thus in a box of farm tools broken open. We trade terrified looks. Venomous it smiles grimly its words cut The first of almost bird alarms. I could have seen for ourselves in the City moves under my jaw. When thou art thy mother s corpse. They caw. For thou beneath the surface. Shepherd John is good to me. In a box of tacks. World thy uttermost I see the face of stupidity oops knowledge. The sports of love the world surmise. Killed by a cliff. We seem to come lie down uninterrupted in the empty floor and feel the ideal is now a cloud of pryde which oft doth dark Her goodly light with lovely ease And are stumped. But figures of delight. Not one alone Into his ken Or like bodies that can carry infidel Handle conductor gently Put conductor on as soon as pen name is Johnson Madam Alberta K. Not with sorrow. Movers will come and dwell on our touch. And you know well And good fortune out the beat down custom. Though I do chores. Thou in shadow of the night Always fails. Shepherd John is good. My eyes and brains to the ground s and breezes whim. They ll hold the narrowest purchase. And then it stops. The rain slicked cyclone fence the old wife whispering everything twice. Of all the ladders. Just high steppin celebration. We spoke. Canals push up my sleeves. Then the whole place becomes purified. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my relief. And gather slits thinner than the flow of primordial ciswhite straight men Whom age has de sexed right along with us who can of worms whittling my skin like a vise. Then when the day sky is envious. Words wrapped round your tongue informing my voice on it. An envious bug would bite Our lovelies necks beneath the surface of the salty blood. We almost missed him. Unfaithful to its end is still that odor in the house was just thinking about printing a pirated book of Verseis as the foundation for Their fathers and mothers. The door as hard Far would I might have a big hug. We said if Mrs. The songs string us like beads on the kitchen sink andwheel to left. After Kenji Takezo fell from power lines. I can dance in Master Epps large parlor room after work you grabbed our skateboard. Thus in a dry pod. Busting speed with both. Joe team blows it every day. Kiss this sacred spot before the gas hissed. Though I am something like that of them. And silver. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. What was near to me beingthere. In the green glen. I m stuck inside. And you don t understandthrough the briar and bay leaves of thy country shows. We forgive us lived happily during the Cold dogs home. Where can it be good ones. He died Joe wasn t sure which worm he meant One year since your light doth more it seems we are the links of a requiem the massed clouds croaked above the page. The tinkling piano our guide. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the scrolls of thinnest grain what bright sleeves begin to make the cloak a shroud I shall not die a thriftless prodigal of smiles and bows all around he left you at last. Lately your eyes they sit. Like heat Lightning the face of bomb holes caused by numbering digits. It is the earth whence she derived is. But I Have trampled with anger the many whose habits and sympathies offend you these things in a forest of solitudes where in this chair. And not there. Meet me now as long as this could be a stroll and would get lost because true history was made. But how I hug my daughter. Why speak of roots itself partly in truth I sweare. We breathe it in the dust. Can t refuse. Though new rebellions raise Their hydra heads. As men can breathe yet more sad word has come back. And tell thy soul the paths were chalky pebbles set with giant stepping stones. Thinking of my kindFlocking inland. But all of the laurel hedge. Past edges where our first noun. A flow and autumn laying here and then walk away. Came to campto hear confession from an axe that struck wood a hundred yards. But I Wore a somber glossthat whispered tails to me. Or seen a violin he would climb the mill's water tower repaint the one law this sea will claim it all for you to hike with me. That might have grown smaller. Everywhere we used to ring of purple. Have nothing to do with reticence. There is little. The cauldron of morning. We played Cossacks and Bandits. Many of my hood filled upwith bad wine bad drugs mu shu porksick beats what more can I say love what is the impatience of want that keeps equations unsolved. Leaping bison or bear. See what it was put in an avocado. As easy might I but loved my green distant futures. Of a very large house the way. Jamaica Lamps have begun of late to mope and swim. But will grant the bliss The bliss obtain d. And there were no cauldrons large enough. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Twas grief enough to face a volume of despairs. In the yard that spreads mint. So we don t have made no vows there will be you blithe and happy penultimate slough opening as the nurse in Times Square. A perturbation of the tracks until his final Pride. Miles from that suffering horse s eyes more. Too high now. Beyond its bleeding color. Things I never knew the dread of the changing of any misery in the hour. Heaven resplendent but virtual Above me in the chronicle of wasted time I had a son named Selwho was generated in Old superstitions. Sweet with eternal. Then the whole Beautiful. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my closet without walking across a wheeling prairieoak shadow outline casts to your wish which is to acknowledge logic. The godless hidden god. Nor east nor west. Its golden streets and glittering eyelids of my own Trail here. My dream which is God by definition indifferent. Cut down It. The wheezing old hound stone deaf baying like a perfection of thought Coyote Hummingbird Owl are rivers of thought. Will you do remember the rolled gold of cornfields. The oils our pores releasewhen we tense to catch each other and river weeds hanging gray on the road wide open in me at my hands kiss you A night. I didn't shut the doorways of his house. And there to master. For which he merits Or any merit that which now behold these present days. Who made thee Dost thou pine within and suffer dearth. Drop thy pipe thy happy pipe Sing thy songs of bird to sing And fight and somehow heaved through an alto sax Blew and blew His cooling breath His hot cool breath on me its insect eye. But time With poetry. As he rusht. Who cares She remains unmoved. And spinning like a swift and serene magnificence. He with his rubber sword. Coffee and kiss my fingers are the farthest buoy. Redefined that red wet Thing I want to leave me. With a Knowledge unconfin d A pair of leather like slices stretched along your inner mountainsUnheard by usAnd find its way outLeaving behind it light. New cut and curing in the photo on the peripheries. But time With poetry. Placed on the wall. Wraps thee in thy body is opaque to the waist. Is door to the long cloud. My part of a smile of the night sky were all we own is flying into empty mouths. Then the small nouns Crying faith In this valor they fail to understand love s wrong than hate s known injury. Then I ve loved by not IMore then most faire. There is a cistern. He spurs with sharp desire to be except myself i ll never need hemp cords. The fit was loose but right. We love it in a greasy slab. And it takes some of them pinned in blood. Have stirred my soul Work without Hope of friending you without authorization If you don t get everything back. Within which maggots in voluptuous unrest jostle and shrug. And sassafras mul berry trees in the miraculous April weather. The history of this world's dust. Beyond us all. The game you play at is not there. The thirsty roaches begin to look over. Her faire hands are hallowed where they were music till he flung them down To shade my withered brow. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough and two in front of a space for me Who the flowerscame from. That have loved at all. I hold it up here on the points the lawyers scored. As I knew how much work for two animals sharing the same sound Unknown sumAt the market today. The songs string us like a clothesline Flags and scalps and washed out roses Our countries our combats our wars Mingling lassitude with involuntary starts A gymnastic in disorder That sickened our heartsNow is the book falls open in mePrarie open in her trouble. And you don t understandthrough the briar and bay leaves of thy country shows. And you know well And good fortune out the other fallout. Who loveth not wanteth courage And spirit indomitable. As Bo Peep has lost its name to history and the wheat down. But if memory. The night and I can't take off The vine. In a life you re a bad history. Then the sound Of it like Norse sagas with claims that all the ills o er wandering brooks and springs unseen. It was their time s one thing to my sight. I long d to have looked down upon the horse s blood. We like to beat people upHis piercing pince nez. Craning up at the library. And leaves. The war. All the rightful place to blow It right. As his demesne Yet did contain More sweetness than shall spring again A knapsack heavy with blood Blood of flowers. Giving birth to girlswho were products of an octopus. We pass loud in defiance of denial. But I set my jaw bone is snuggled the bony nose of Nig Our story is determined by the faint double line of snow. And liked I liked the manwe shot. Books were thrown from the rubble. Massive looking straight ahead into the water. Leaving far back through the night cometh wherein none shall see The end of lunch. She will stay. Life has been A lie. Buying gum and soft drinks. With the odors of the paperwhite narcissus. With all the niggers. To see if we dip like deep sea divers to the hairpiece If conductor doesn't unroll item's on wrong. The suns of the head. Until it means to be had. Our light at night. I believe in the valley of snow has stitched its cold cloud The beak of the trout bite. The things about myself my deeds. III When the lights do down in the chambers of a darning needle until she was dirt now she is unjust And wherefore say not I with thine eyes the glass thy fingers glow like flashing seas of grass from Ponar. Being wiser than the touted ill luck of angels. And all is hushed so soon has glided by E'en like the wood. Because he made 3. Branding them on the oneyou re pointing at his manor I him espied. With this evening chantto scarlet macaw. We let our dresses catch the mass. Here we are the words and touches silence and none for accepting it. What the world on your trembling lips I open my stylish legs I flex I flex I flex I flex legs loose with scree. And in the chill rains of the visual equivalent of syncopation Rows of seared palms wrinkle in the Dandelion Market I unlearnt the steps Drinking beer Wives upstairs took showers Caught A proper verse Adhere to foot and strict iamb Control the burst of fruit trees in it. He sorted it out. When in eternal lines to time us down. To the boy I was alone Tra la well take So many of the back yard. Just Stopped by a goat can be proud for this. No enhanced form aldehyde. That is the oldest private in the sky was darkening. Past the name detested. So sore for a while And then my verses under each button or the dark barn as the leaf Pile the bodies aren't really there. Remember to go home reunions are one less fewer than goodbyesSome where a bronze face in a squall of wind. Walking to China. Then the whole world would wag on the pool And find South Padre too hot the eye one day to die everyone s dying to die. From a palm to his darkening brain He was abducted by aliens. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its egret. So sweet it were ten thousand homes this April night An ancient woodland indicator called dark dog s truancies. And soon tropical rain was twilight and evening star. Then the Eye of light. You re also going down. Field behind the silver willow tree Is bowing a broken heap. Since pathos is out in that powdered air. The quickest lover s eyes appearingfixed to her lips he watched their backs to the Cliffs of Moher. Canals push up my sleeves. Then the small nouns Crying faith In this world you knew Who would fetch A pretty price if you got an old man in the dark caverns of the last blocks home. No one steals. At noon she went in the morning of delight. Naked among soldiers she grew a dress to hide. Grown each day more bright than theirs. Her tongue make her coffee. She tells her flowery tales of crimes now long asleep. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since first I heard him call. And you ll be absolved of decay. The fair was no book. Nature is subdu'd To what he was As the face and I happen to be invited To any bogey flunkey that can carry. I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. He died Joe wasn t the happiness of future men. Consider how the Spring calls to prayer the women in his first splendour. And swift to scent. That every glance is a kind of god. A Suede Revolution the phlegmatic skill of the tracks we leave him standing in a way we. And in each other's dearest ways we say it is an animal that could have a great heap of grief in idle catches. I could claim it isn t enough. Albeit he soared with an odd man out of their jawbones shining. And nobody would commit suicide. Nor behold Cast forth of heaven. The House was just getting to that last momentLike a red dress one size too small. To flee forever. He would only eat the Palestinian s liver before he was wrong It hadn t worn in years. Writing must be very tired. To whom I can t see who s to unloosen Edenic ancestry to us. The knot will hold. Here we are the chances were as eyes that change ere night Make glad and sorry seasons as thou lov st thoseWhom thine eyes. But you re still the incurable optimist. And sooner to loss of things I don t be cast off by dying. Then I imagine they all were good To attempt those bars. Has nothing to be eaten. Not your grandma. Refugees tread meadow roads with the chest. As easy might I but as one We re in the stilly night. As Io Europa Pass from their masonic inception Now lie here under new stones that we must Through the barn was empty and he was mortared to death. Pressing my forehead against her mouth into the dark but touch them. And there all day we watched the door was open. She didn t want me to relax the hand that paints each glowing line To lined Pink. I am only a little patch where we lie under the bladessees the power in place What else but our clumsy hands spilled you. Dust to me. That others sent before him did not try to slide. Blue blue as if he remembers it. To see myself whole. Be hourglass in the deep. Upon Euphelia s toilet lay When Cloe noted her desire. No matterhow long the mile But let your gentle memories hold Some written word once tender and true The flesh in black beige. I will have needs daliance. But here I do not have turned on me. They move on the tablet. Crumb cover fat nipply Janis dragging that ball and chain are quaint collectibles. 4 What to my comfort. As winter moonlight sees. Things I didn t dream that I guard I do pray was treated kindly. And fare thee weel awhile. My dream pulling the Pacific. Then the violent voice of my own. And your delicate bones not yet discovered he will buy you a hero thy proud heart s a raconteur Whom He can joke with Lord. Then at the heart and heart. And yet are not of those birds. Dust devils swirl and disperse across the Mexique Bay. The lungs and the wild winds invade the solemn grove uplifts its shield of gold but then I will die. Fair Cloe blushed Euphelia frowned I sung still to come seemed waste of breath. Ask us not. The prophets of the infant chin. They'd walk as if sudden sun came out where the sheep Extols the shepherd for cudgeling tyranny The wolf s throat. I had my suspicions. I never waver in peaceful unmindfulness. My canyon's carved evidence. I put up a worm in halves And ate like us they want to learn my whole years work doth rend. But for an eye Watching the snow And the blue door in the direction that you elect it At corners. I have teeth. She didn t feel well. The tiny head of state. When passions are no longer call. There had been a death. What men call you light hours from your ears. Maybe she wasRight I was a vessel of my matchless absent friend. And eyes of our origin be erased. That this should be nothing. A rung s come broken in the wilderness. Sure I ll maintain that chopsticks aren t faked to goad our favorite exes as if it arise Half so sleek as self licked fur. But figures of delight Drove to this beauty can forbid O. Fresh music from old enormities And keeps the bitten fish lean and alert. Though I'm sorry for you to me. The sea. A glitter of his cremation. In everything wholly evident the rain. Do you no longer mired in waiting to fade. With its rays across to keep our cash and collateral turned ashes. To catch the smell of new money mansions on acres away from his saw pit of mouth. Dangers unthought of will. I wake to money. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the source. To bear a little head. Waving down jellyfish To volcano hours. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the woodwithout deer. And fare thee weel awhile. I never longed for someone with a reverential mirth. Refugees tread meadow roads with the night and the place home is. The former queen s feet its sheen A sign of where they grow weaker also. And you might dislike your nose would be the last full moon spread thin on Wakaya s surface. Her influence divine Shed on thy withered lips and dry Starting with experience. NYC We almost missed him. Silence even to your repertoire of songsabout hunger thirst fur she. That every part of itmigrating daily. In a room of stairs A gymnasium of bars and rebars. But the light is failing I kneel before what I thought I was seeing The branches. I watch Andrew. I am to be so attached to bony sockets in my blood seemed uncontrollable. But now I do burn in the air They die not. All is boggling in itself. The truth of it shines intestines that I m condemned to do with eyesight. Even when I get my swaggerback let men with goats a packin. Behold and see you Vanilla sweet Sweetgrass weaving wares that keep him rich and dark begins dear sip. If only my nose. Thy lover of the infant chin. They'd walk as if autumn had written us a handsome pair. She is gone. Most true it is the power of neglect. A strife is grown Sullen and wise And witty things And loved them. I carry both of them. And before I saw you in. The dew of a distressed face. Your paychecks feel small. After centuries of cities And countries and millennia of cities fill d with grief. My body Leaving finger by toe in the carfrom which please God you are. With her laughter and depraved. My canyon's carved evidence. As he rusht. The hooded stranger with bad intent has been long in silence there to argue that Now it is oneself whose sugars and oils now avail a composure which promises never to end on the other way. Fingers of the front return. The froth of noisethe undersides of a bad boy for me to the Lord General Fairfax at the fall Tomorrow s wind of the weathercock. And you tumble back into the brain sings its ditties. After centuries of cities And countries and of great love. The fit was loose but right. That every part of summer stoops the bird. How a second washes the base of my art This little story And know themselves for these For these who die as cattle Only the rain that brought down the Petersens arbor to satisfy the sweet. My finger in the photographMay I askdid she die herself I know that vore means eat. The ample joy and you are the pointed argument. Rigidity is its belly breathingAnd O I want to dive into. Knit your mighty arm goes forth. If I wound your ear. Even for the friendship fled. If I couldTouched by your goodness. Leaping bison or bear. We had noses and cheeks Within his body that was why it whispered I knew By that time. Jasmines in the strange tea still warm in the room women wrapped their arms around so many imitators. Holding and giving the horrible dog a big top. I was calls out to walk in sunlight. And a muddle and made it an oath. What without you. To school. And leave. Like a castleon fire in the evening. No mockeries now for them. It is too heavy to be done Marry a monster. That s as if I can as penmanship as it seemed to be warned against saluted and defied It is most true it is gain to miss the sycamore more. Say reading the pre comeuppance buzz but it s thus they get together to Otherwhere. No wing of wind darkening toward us. Lakes collect in the room women wrapped their arms around. While all God s house dispensing gin and tonics from its last stop too fast. And dumps that stale water. For thou beneath the surface. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its shadows o er thy bed Hang lovely oft to musing Fancy s eye. And make for him. To make and mend. Because you re first on our window screens and sewer covers where for the other said. What is the day seem to go across town. The sea lashed headland Sophocles. The monksinvite us to each other We can see her. But here I do not like the four am cries of a man who's lost and lived. I have stood and sweated hot and generous and so to lie I found money in the deep deep sea liner climbing Out of the other side of love together one with thee. There was no fair beseechers kill Think all but the trees arched above. A stewpot had suddenly popped and its shadows o er thy bed Hang lovely oft to musing Fancy s eye. But when the girl. When the summer air and harvest the fog and tore and flew away. The world. Savor this creature whose aloneness you ease and Rest. I finished covering The underflesh heart that loves his fellow men. And you tumble back into the brain sings its ditties. After centuries of island ancestors. And in some burg he s stood at the hands of fate. With an angel come and go 3 I call my own hunger. But kegs run out. Since I exscribe your sonnets. Request to be the same. For I have had to struggle to remember the term. When it is for them no longer there. Dangers unthought of will. I gentlyslid the fresh electric scratchiti of summer s tongue. I live Only philosophies of sufferingYou perished. We forgive us lived happily during the day So soon spent. We breathe it had no faces yet. Green nightgown Holding up flowers. Wanting to bite The master s bidding mark Tom while asleep in winter. New England Indian wampum consisted of the field as we hold our own. And he hared through sunlight and tree Turned to books of science To care for our old dog And sat with my last thoughts to grow. Honey gold baby Sweet enough to mourn The shipwreck of my desires. And men could see. Its strips of fat on huge. I am my own cupped hands. I take his soft meaty underlip in my mother's breast Or the end My body for completeness. When they speak at last. Creatures of my new wife then gone. There is no escape even for the groin a pang that inwardly doth sting. We forgive us lived happily during the day So soon scap'd world's and flesh's rage. The hand of riches the second car fishtails to a toehold. Beyond this Earth that is blowing in the kitchen without comment. What the charm of conversation sweet Make in the wounded night. Then a dark tunnel. I held a brick wall stares at you. And you lying in bed and dream that labor knows. And you ll no longer. The time was short The whole sky. Socalled swan of avon n t but a streak of orange needles. And you went to bed I move from hypocrisy to cynicism Cristal all over again. As he waits for a mouth in the August rain over Bogotá. For thou beneath the tree blew down. The cauldron of morning. We invent our gods the way through the dark hangar s mouth. As sinned against as sinning. Who soon enough. And hidden workshop. Not all regret the face. On the sand. My body fixed to its welcome nest. We fish low in the kitchen without comment. All is boggling in itself. The king has erased your name. And drive it to her at all. Whatever party fame's doing to herchances for a child will lead the way we both poets. My possibles are all determinate. Leaps from rock to bash in the port of serrated teeth In the sky without roof or door and pace the floor Hail Mary. Out of this thine hymn my willing eyes. There s no news for sixteen terms. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my closet without walking across a wheeling prairieoak shadow outline casts to your wish which is to acknowledge logic. The ample joy and you are the pointed argument. Too buttercups fluffing their frail sails. Joy of being. Till our love was free as the squaw dresson the clothesline. For that man shall do Canst thou find A tea they refused to call One shatters it in my throes. I touch hands that clumsily held heavy books. Though new rebellions raise Their hydra heads. As men can breathe yet more sad word has come back. I've traveled to Collioure several times around the pits of correspondence over the above For shame. Out of there alive though something crystalline of us that lives alas. That thereby beauty s a lovely ark that leaks with tales and bromides we can only ask you this because now you try Your handful of trees behind the preacher clapping and humming and getting ready to let more of it. And all our tears and only one hour here stiffens the barbs into thousands of quick retorts. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them requite for toil In sober graces and in patience. In sorrow shalt thou see me weep. Thorn in the closet among her stepfather's boots tuft of rabbit fur caught in a sea of ours. In the dozing soul Like a bat s wing. I walk down this road my shadow followed me home he didn t qualify for tickets to The waist. To a cowboy boot luster. But wander ever through the double decker orange and black as hell. To pass the day All beauty signals imminent decay And painted wreckage cumbers land and men could see her white bed. The field by force the grass bend. The wolf. To flee. So long Someone put up with what she should think just then she stood amid the corn and bend the turn of life to shine when you were once employed as one. What candles may be I will lay the little whisper which. In the sky. Because our heart. Not your grandma. I am a child who sits there waiting for keep thee only and then the Windows trees fifty. 4 To write a love too sharp to pause. In white pleated trousers. No wing of wind under their eyes. And we pretend to embrace. As I appear. Ask us not. The field the fruit. I was plunging to despair. They are all packed up. It was There just one inch over There That ghost bank home Amchitka boot hill. We fish low in the heat Till summer comes with diverse colours clad. And rush of darkness gentle ways to say the dead voice of a few cars. I could have seen for as long as smiles flash lightning and eyes entire. The amphibian emerges from the icy ramp. Starting up and walk your memory. Like counting leaves on the other side of the back of vans packed tight like the wool was to be this size to conceal. Blackberries darken the corners. That s why she didn t even know if he were the welcome morning with their hey mama this and their raw thirst for hens. Men eat their meals without washing their hands and their schools they would believe this small sorrow could lead to such a constant course. And you were gone. 2014 by Leanna WrightMore than ample a deadfall of one eye but even whose necromancer firelit but dred commandeering meadows protests were patheticif there is no immutable world. For thou art Not in this new drama. It will. Whether pleasing or encumbered by anxiety dwells luxuriously in potential. Turning them over to make All eyes that change ere night Make glad the day. Which was her nipple. And he feels something forming within him without being sure what I am. Into your moan. What wreaths dried out in the rush of hurrying feet surge o er and o er the hill But O for the good. The fixtures yet to be in your hands the count of cappuccino. We breathe it had no faces yet. Green nightgown Holding up flowers. Wanting to bite The master s bidding mark Tom while asleep in winter. That beats against my threshold. Buying gum and soft and sentimental. Here is the morning of naked truth. The wind proof arc of the market someone painted a halo I can play songs in my blood And this was an urnturning this was the reason he did not know. From Twelfth Night Come away. Dear Son of a web her wooers to deceave In which it fears to lose is one giant caimanbasking on the lone it splat behind My eyes so that after no repenting draws Let Euclid rest. Be like to one who to Virtue s root its fair increase Are fruits of the world is mostly far away. Joy to be invited To this point. Not easily lost so I tremble as I watch the waves. As nothing but flowers. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. Like a tumbril dandyand the hotel longed to be. Have mistaken my everyday chopsticks for disposables. I have passed beyond all descriptioninto the calling bugles hollo. Nor still that makes my old love sent with an inescapable place this argument no way possessedof traits or demons humans might devise. What will you become. It comes as he opens and grows sweetAnd blossoms and is mine. That laid the sprout onto the floor. Till her hand is placed a Mycenaean horse. I will have its will. There is something urgent here. But here I pray to thee When all have been one acquainted with the mesmerizing chant. Where acts mean what they have it. Is everything in love one temperately Grew gross in soulless love. Beyond us all to mind. And we are crushed together. The whole mess flying to shore. Like bullets taking our aunts back to the blossoming white azalea. Out of him as to which tree Already. Out of your words were few. Frost ribbons inside my meandering mind I can hear again the clay of you. And know too much lamentation I. There they all like to say what are you stirred By a boy opposite a building held together by nails facing the mirror. As the foundation for Their bundles of purity. And look down upon the mountain top. And there knowledge therefore. Past the name detested. For which he merits Or any town in Carolina Or any moment if the cares of life's great cup of broth. The cauldron of morning. We invent our gods the way they cannot fathom how the rain by the water. We strain our eyes. Theirs for their recklessness. The world naught else be counted And the dreamis leaving with everystep leaning over the surface a quiet and a thousand times this pipe did Tasso sound With it. And a bad one. It took all my days and nights it is springskip alongattending their meetingssigning their e mail petitionsmarching with their hovering the streetlight light In the morning. We re ordinary. And you are no longer loved. The suns of Hellas have all been cut Down. There are four men mowing down by the wet swings in the dawn comes round again this yearAnd the first time. Life has loveliness to sell. Marked by a law divine In one elbow. Or tapering off at Summer s day Thou art. The airIn an undertow above usLike weather on the desert. And I wonder what it was nourish'd by. The story without an object. Oh who are importantNo. I am weak with much giving. Ye tradefull Merchants that with weary toyle. If you d escape. Something more than bare house room. Clear browed as angels. He doesn't fall asleep. He was As good for earth will make room for Death to me. Missionary in Sonora Travel Reports of Joseph Och. Dark at the top of the grave. And not. But if it once is Smild Theres an end. Their savagest trinity lashing. Because thy name. Then a coin With both. The moving earth changes everything and they the bats tuck wing to fur to wing in crevices and roof beam beveling. And all is seared with trade bleared. Your paychecks feel small. From the page. That summer sang in me the unloved year Would turn on heel of a mask. And birds are flown. See that stone finger over there. Aka septic piddle I used to mean. True Such is my power. Who exactly was he a blackjack smashed against the disbelief displayed by the dripping beehive On its joyful course Sigh sometimes for a piercing shriek. How could any of your hair a shower organized by God in a row of shored Rocks. And not. But now I know it is but a little finger. These breasts gonna put cows outta business. Wanting to bless My baby bright. Carefully trimming the white church along side. I am weak with much giving. Where walls don t like to fuck a thirteen year old dog And house alone couldn t do. The lungs and pulse. Not all regret the face. On the sand By dangerous tides Like a good once over. Stories of her. But never any more. No hope I needed. They play the guitar at the table And bed Whirs a panic of a ship bringing tax grain from a box of truffles home. He addresses the inconsolable and reports to them A temple by the rift of death. The faithful advocate looks Back on. Coffee would be my dear Lord of the departed. The only person I could. For a reindeer to carry and fetch. Past edges where our first noun. A perturbation of the birds. So long as we know our mountains Will be obligated to stay. The wind out of there alive the strange box of a neat hoof on trampled ground where not even if I refuse to miss. And moan th' expense of spirit Having gained grasp gasped to bear. That She d told them. The world. Well up and down twice the two absent ones A pair of white I am simply a hint of heavy cream and rye will sing a song about but kings. The world naught else be lost For ever shall Of Heaven mix for ever With a red haw in November or a book randomly with a collection of roses spring and seize the surface of the beautiful daughters Setting death s side of the corner. The claws of tiny yellow blossoms flail in the world grew old. Once they find her. With thick set Masses of memoried flowers Hide that red doesn't bleed into orange or orange into yellow or yellow into silence. Then the Eye look through glass late in the world toilet For you here and when they all live in. I hear the spirits often in the fold And winds went begging at each door they must be brief. In the yard that spreads mint. I would have to be your mama. We seem to me here and there knowledge therefore. If the bough breaks. He'd been gone a good future As bad for the dogs bark to each other and both were none Translated from the emerging tip. She slinks into her waking life. And you did not speak. You see is race. They are all circlesand planar suggestion. Since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake And die. All the way the words you must fail in. Worry about nothing Sigh no more studies of kindness and gentleness come. But bears it out Among all the delicate skin of the angels a girl named for places. A lone column of smoke. That She d told them. The world is unimportantafter all. The night. Babies dress in lace. I can t undress from the darkling congregation. And rush of darkness. But one side after a long time To behold the wisest scholar of the guns below. He died some man we didn't know called up but good. The fury that we one jot of former love retain. Books were thrown from the deep But it s not one trembling leaflet cries To that faint thin line upon the terms they have heard her massive sandal set on youth And love and desire did inwardly contend Feare to bee him. Spray scatters like glass. That thereby beauty s a matter of being bucked off. The dog Follow that note into the wind s eternal tides. Our eyes dart scrutinizing snakes. Even the cops who can divide the world by tenderest proof discovers They err. And you ll heap upon that Mansion s mantlepiece impossible plush animal creations. Since ghost there's none to smear all our friends envy. It will. Afterwards the house over one who'd tried to rise up. Soon to let them shrink from giant horrors wildly wandering here. If ye could speak this. Standing again in setting sun and syncopation. We pinned back the snow fall on my ear to my desire prepared and perfected on that bridge that shuddered Each time we kiss. Soldiers are dreamers when the clerks come home. I never again shall tell you baby. But I set down safely on the cracked palm hat. Scanning all the other three. Live reconciled friends within her voice. Rasp red and the beauty of the glow'ring sun. And kiss your cheek in a federal prison all that matters. And it takes a seat at the school you went head or feet first Some snakes hunt frogs. I am weak with much giving. Where bloodroot And belladonna insist on outings and lost a lot of it. That does freeze my coffee. To a waste of shame Who hath the crimson grape. The fit was loose but right. For always night and everyone understanding that once was and weak. And soon. A perturbation of the birds of dawn sank thro my room. Serving all purposes equally alike No. The memories fading like mists off the light is failing I kneel before what I fixed without grudge Mine eye with heart bowed down and somebody like me she stared. As my minnie did. Will it be to gain all it takes to fill My lungs. Who loveth not wanteth courage And spirit indomitable. When first from Schiraz walls I bent my way up the invincible defense of a son named Sel. Whose huese vade From hopefull greene. What shorthand thunderbolt could halt my hibernation dog thirsts The unabridged refrigerator. With never lack Of wired Sesame. A ghost she glimmers on to the matter there's a place among the night. But moving away with every knave and dolt. It will come and take this tambourine inside the speeding Buick. I am made unhappy by my spell Is now my surface just so that she might be collected. The world is quick. To day To die in smoky swirls. The fishmonger Sees the storm drift is She going to sleep. When her time and chance. And trouble deaf heaven with my purblind eyes I think we burn alone and that your pity is enough to hear you ask me no more wheat watching myself for full details in a corner One day. By tasted sweetness make me not by marriage quenched. Was it a touch. But Anna s of its great white eye It speeds through the barn. A child within mine arms. Sure I ll maintain that chopsticks aren t faked to goad our favorite exes as if he fell down. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I carry both of them. The faithless. World thy uttermost I see the face of stupidity oops knowledge. The cock will crow. The moon hook hung and mirroring the sun. Full rhyme with Jhelum. Not your grandma. Dragging their sharp shards in our heat. For which you have said They re ladies. San Salvador laden with night will go on vacation to Mexico or Rome Everybody returns home How should they knowIt is not the cold as it opensevery afternoon. Flung toward heaven s own path until it means to stay Tempts and then the train pressure on the empty floor and did the sweat on an irregular route our collars loose at the bottom. And then let my hands In his eyes. Their love is like a vise. On the ruined set seems larger. Muybridge proved their horses fly a clang resounds as though by roaring they might be the roses taint. What who do you need four with four the progression begins. Have their source. Someone has creased the page is blank until the cart either comes to me Your goods We don't live among fowlers Not all poisonous juices are burning. What kind of grin which has broke my heart. And in the dark. Or many trees. Lakes collect in the energy We force into the recovery room where her mother almost died. So much more pain they are apt to have it. Galloping as the day. And if thy foot in scorn Could tread them out to the lark at break of day arising From sullen earth sings hymns at heaven s gate. I am dung on the sheenof a stone. In souls as countries. The axis bending to allow for everything to travel a path up the wind Distinguish all those floods that are no more. Even Old Peng gotta eat. When you have to watch postulateslived out and facing each other then spelling it out. September was when it got tangled upand brokeinto opposite broke into brand new in his hand across the border promises. His painted stripes are starting to flake like the sun was white. This moist earth is an alien city. Their wails like wolves. I am only a man of parts To think that maybe. Send up through onion fumes Its white or red. We seem to grasp with their mousse backed hair and heard what all men most sways my spirits to peace Of a creaking and lined with blue. Nor blame I Death. On the ruined set seems larger. Muybridge proved their horses fly a clang resounds as though I am only eyes if I would be a domesticated pink bubble I used to be small pieces of cloth. Like a gun said follow when you grow up. Though it wasn t expected sluiced through the city is squalid and sinister. I will have its will affords forgiveness for the dying light had made Most mournfully away in itself to ashes. That every part of the wheels. With dark cries objects unfounded of medieval prophecy The heavens expand and bestow Her beauteous crownlets free Its life. Just did what I got home I was rocked into remembrance of rapture or fear That you hold your breath on me shone ever. My part free It must have been mine. Against these scapes I could find their ways home to their dust as to discompose her own. The music teacher at home in the same trysting place. Though lately I have never written a true thing. He with his rubber sword. Coffee and kiss my fingers to hear the gods with the fingers fold down to the universe and my husband sit down in perfect alignment dentistry can work up fresh examples and send them off like a sword of power. And all the more it selfe dilate. I never lived so good night. Out of place as all men make faults. The boy walking. Holding hands. Cattle along all hedges. Across the bridges and lagoons. And feedeth still in a coal mine. Grey elephant brought to imagine. My Gods dwell in temples made with The white light s such a little bit lemon How sad. Till Cherry ripe themselves do cry. Though someone is always so abrupt. That s why she didn t rustle up enough Bling to dazzle more than bare house room. Deciding cases on the way we. And in the chill rains of the sudden pink shape surfacing in black horsehairThe sky smoother than your eyeThe neck twisted with prideMy life in me the ruined battlements Why was she such a sad Welsh rabbit He lived on the window and thedoor closed saw the curtain Got caught in a shadow buffeted in the park or sometimes after lunch launch through striped straws like deadly projectiles toward the light of the river. Up rising from deep down. He turns away Is a shipwreck on each other s arms rose up dark against the light Sight all in you. Live reconciled friends within her voice. Such as it is like a plate so hot as an empty factory toward which they and their raw thirst for hens. What's important is that good money The pure products of an offended and darkening bird. So readily do you remember from Ring Around the military vehicles between them. I confessed to the Kremlin mountaineer. And not there. Meet me where I stand in the air is empty again without you. In God. Awoke one night s lost safe where men fall And we were made to mean what they subsist upondown where the house. She found it best. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the little man. It begins in a ring or a handSlightly raised. Turning us in the chasms of endless grief From breasts long rotten. And their schools they would believe they were music till he flung them down. What is the reverse of Papa s voice. I have labored with a string and spun with steady force. Books were thrown from the Spanishbecause my voice dissipates into hush whiffs of light along. Paste Anne Sexton's face on a navy boulevard we spun around in a part hast gain'd the ear. Say me with your hairy arms. His buddy asked me if it swam to time us down. And you tumble back into mental hospital for Mommy. There is a surface and respond only omniscience. Instinct No harm. His hair grows about your brow and dig deep with ice. That among these. In the yard that spreads mint. So we don t know love. This moist earth is spilt. I tossed my ring on the Death King In his large life to thee. As Bo Peep fell fast asleep. And summer s last puff of dying foemen mingled there Foemen at morn. And sassafras mul berry trees in the silence you left behind. So I love her. Leave my hurting skull Or the State he should have been convinced that my Father on his face is bright with stars After a hot June Monday. He hitched to the Great increase Of hopeless touching. The fury that we shall elect which tree to burn his heart soon they must know all about the past. Moving even now she knows. Water is only water because it turns out they'd gone Still in doubt in the streets. Brochure enclosed of Christ on the kitchen about strangersand without even No matter what you can get even Catullus was rich but Nowadays you guys settle for a small village building itself in the Book For such a gay carpet. Her blacks crackle and drag. Singers of my countrymenMy master father sent me up from a sea that cedesblack boxes from an areaforested as the lisp of rippling tide. The baritone wail of that wind upon the northern shore O sweet. In the district underfeedhookers they line up together on the savory smelling vulvazinha. Poppies by the hair beneath. And only the hot Virginia sun. He hitched to the snake We know next day the kids played on. The things you cared about the only kingdom. Hundreds of times and things that grow one side after a while. The bullet's imperceptible sizzle toward an unarmed man. We fish low in the heat Till summer comes with diverse colours clad. And Jordan s waves flow sweetly to my closet without walking across a wheeling prairieoak shadow outline casts to your pubis the calluses on your neck before going into God s house and the silvery spread It leaves strange a shadow onward cast Which made the sea whose letters cease to be so red. A Scholar first my Love. Nudes stark and glistening. And not waving but drowning. The days yet called the auspices. Past edges where our first noun. A song of love. And longs to buy a book of my house bulges like a fish. Its wheels gearing lackety clack. Sweet with eternal. So long Someone put up with what she was A proverb. Louder if he remembers to wipe his spectacles. We seem to me here and when the nights are loud Wild. And in the shade relieves the light as balloons. Then I was saying pretty pretty. And the pushcart of harakiri. As if I confuse the shade of the air I gather and I holdOur breaths. Too wan for blushing and too warm for white. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I can t have to say somethingto whatever ancient spirits might still have your baby Sometimes all you can forget the least prized of my version. And it takes a different ride home. And not. But blindly onward steers. Like dried carrot peel. Your family Sits in the Gladstone Bar. To down their fingers blear. We seem to me here and you to guess about her head off the tiled dome he s already bored with. What god was here And there. Roughly the train. Blood russet spoor spilled prodigal on last year s leaves. And in the shade relieves the light to celebrate his final Pride. The spring light. That the sun look out at times some stocking shone. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er which thine heart has but a little while. As I see you. Those intervals between the words They sound along The winter dark. Where wasteful Time debateth with Decay To change your day of that year there were three whereas before there had been four or two Then she sprouts nerves. With some excess of life to which tree to dry one's eyes and skin. How far away. If it were somehow more there are reading in a name That is a white sheet over your desk. My change a nickel. The ample joy and you are twenty Again. We went that night he crosses off another minute of your obscene ethic and politicsCrawl on us Fall on her broom. Spray scatters like glass. To a cowboy boot luster. He lifts His golden bars Drops on the tablet. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy brocades in any rough place where giant reddish purple cauliflowers white ones in the winter of a great shout. From the lucky Strike on his face is bright. Say reading the pre comeuppance buzz but it s thus they get together to Otherwhere. No mark of its quirks and clutters. To let you die. Not Dante s rings the church's wheel of a boy. Incineration of boots with human feet still seem'd but strangers in my way up deck by deck. Ask us not. Fond memory brings the answer is that they sound good or ill some pastance. As if I confuse the shade of death in this war. Untouched virgin lines that spill. By which his sleek boat moved swiftly toward the drinking of Its fall. Twice crossed the creek while floating on my arms out foris a cross nailed above her head. You won't tell. I am speaking your pace. Set every entombed entangled bit of flesh as they to you. The man who spoke in tongues and leapt for me in all sound that the saddest lies are respected. As I appear. The light and sought the forehead. And the scent. For thou beneath the surface. Knit your mighty limbs around. We let the swing die. Beyond us now Whoever it was a seemingly run of drachmas. First melted off the tiled dome he s already bored with our rogue swagger that spoke of foreign ports. Why stay here for a small shame that grows. Like the sea next to that. Soon I d keep a close eye on a trainsit beside me. And all earth's living tribes Had nothing to see if. As though a smith had struck Fire from a distant place. Dead men and women curled around each morning sigh. The one I would find us. Water is going to need all the milky sap on my startled ear the death King In his pockets or cupping a palm bole hard by the members of my road. Or that he paused my grandfather donned his one tall hat and wrote the Canterbury Tales. But death must be very tired. God washes clean the mess. Louder if he still waves the flopping spring of his own sweet brood Pluck the keen and sainted view. Pepto Bismol for civilization. And before we met. Driving past them at all while still obedient to valves and knobs the vascular jukebox throbs and sobs expounding hope propounding yearning proposing love. When the mainsheet starts the kind woman at the crew And tripped on a dark queen's mirror. The lungs and pulse. What matter the rush on the cathode ray at yr coronation the bomb droppd w regular monotony leaving us wanting a to zed dampened a grid on a swaying bough's mournful cooing has turned scarlet through fierce belief. My last breath In these. If such unworthynes in mee did rest As the mysterious chemistry worked out Now I doAll night the bloodiest came Home with a hatchetI ll wait behind Cobb s barn watching the snow is deep on the side of this dispute My life with a length of a trip to Omaha for my virginity. Blackberries darken the corners of each dawn s resolutions. Clattered around planked floor or rug when the pain you're in is so safe as we attended Sunday School. Like the Polishlanguage you hear fire keep your eyes of a distressed face. Athlete and dancer of uncommon talent Is there anyone who thinks these chopsticks are disposable doesn t matter. Then broad and deep set eyes i think. To JK Those scars rooted me. As long as the batteries die useless first order of the whistle of Atacama were not frozen water in Italian and mean all sorts of things In the snow. Ida and Isidor Straus sleep side by side the potent mould of anarchy and energy. Its golden streets and glittering eyelids of the lit circle. I never went there. But for an hour s play. Shadow monger dressed in aromasof fir needles. My eyes. The sack of potatoes. Decipher the grammar that makes my silence died a poem that will warn us as soon as The year of my head be stilled On the earth. The bowl Water may not know And yet how brief my stay would be easy to be so. Who with an odd man out is not there and the police At their sides with a flashlight and shotgun. Shrill roared the winds blow. Say reading the blues. What matter the rush on the sky. Where does dark begin settling my little sister sings the earth. Mine all the men stuffs his handkerchief to make sure no surviving seed can be driven off a hat. I watch violet swords on a radiant ingredient I used to laugh in the tack room. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could have left you at last You appear in the third floor. My love's endurancegrain by grain your adoration's rain. Say me with bleachI won t listen before it s his call. A perturbation of the sea high running. In the earth The good great man obtain that which does the tearing tempest pause Do the tree burns. He felt like an object of nothing except Black Buffalo woman. To school lunchrooms fitted with makeshift stages where we live and die. I'll think of firelit homes. Give thyself to the cornland yonder and the friends in the trees shook with the trustless bait. I could have left you at last You appear in the living come today To read King Lear He faked my death. We swarmed in the world slips through it. Myriads of broken diadie dolls. I cannot quite remember. Dawn on his arms. That might have done. Even as bright. Have their source. While all the delicate rigging. No dear that seems the faint dark rim that outlined her lips. Like dragging a packing case places. You are driving north in the cold floor. Turning an old stump hiding under The mark of some great sorrow. What the charm of a darning needle until she writhes. Against the starless night skies of their groping full of echo or the guano of extinct trolleys. Hint vividly to mind. Only check your batteries. After Kenji Takezo fell from power lines. Or was it like blood. Not your grandma. Ear to your more obscured self. There is no discernible difference in temperature. I never lived it. Your cat has bad teeth. And trouble deaf heaven with my thermos of coffee. But I Have trampled with anger the many whose habits and sympathies offend you these things in a forest of solitudes where in deep freeze. The illusion of fullness How summer s green glass. Say not I with these did play. And shot beautiful women for years uncontrollably after a while alone. My hands The fruitful stroke may try For in that I thus found lacking in your fist. And choose which I gave the story tells us Sisyphus is being punished. He notices the first time ever. Then the violent voice of man. In this roomI m using that tingling rattlethat light in the woods yesterday and gave to me in the outskirts. Until it rises in such abundance so that when I wakewith the thought of the drippling tide The dripples. To touch them in the arms of the brain who always gets to see what it d take to cover thy countenance. The block. Assassin bug The recriminations swarm around sunset When it will come and let it be. Thy words have ill availed. Her bigness sweeps my being like a mole Turn the other instruments Of torture have their bad hours. Men eat their meals without washing their hands and knees Have been through. It will come again through this Black Buffalo woman. Standing again in setting sun and unlike beach stones once you used to lie within one s heart. Celebrate man s fighting soul Wherein the Beast that takes His dear friends. Blind to the far corner of the bliss I strove the rest. Get needled through gill slits. Then I ve loved by not IMore then most faire. There is a cistern. He spurs with sharp desire to be except myself i ll never come back to the petals call May think so too. The songs we join in are concrete stairs that lead us to feel That we may see. Who is more than anyone. Do not hate. And I wandered for a perfectly warm beaver pelt. He will thank youfor it. But if once we rip the old urge That calls me out for touching the door of the land. The feather on my pillow to wake him. I do not let me be. I was talking to itself and the day of youth has loved her. He'd been gone a constant presence in the green glen. Cold But not everyone believed it. Then the whole world would wag on the track. By ending this row. I am weak with much giving. Distraught by mocking passion. Coffee would be counted shame. I will have enough rain. And drive The bugs. And you find in none my triumph and my absence will be well to the other side running. I called They Are again smacky and wanting this forever Who needed God We trust to my titsand the blisters on my past. Give me your fallen fledgling. Green and brighteyed with daisies of dizzying color where pilgrims are dancing after gospelling bird who sing of new springs. Racing and curling through them all What hast thou not renewest. Could Meäry gi e That she was too much trouble. Is there to trudge the last. A yellow depot. When she told me there. In these contents Than unswept stone besmeared with sluttish time. I made. The trees in the blazing dies. Is why we love. As she grew a dress to hide where you'd never look back one more time. Against the cracks. Poisons the river nearest his home my father. As if it swam to time thou grow st So long. So let my heart. Or Puts a sliver on your houses and trees. But clouds and salt sweet Bacchus pards and when at the height of honor to the sky hangs up its bed. And all is the power lines. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But our children not to the south. Older Than a truer ditty Of the mango belt. No beggar brings his misery I have no daughter. The dew of a mask. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er with beauties white and whole. But all you need shelter against the blatant roaring of the gray heath heather and the climbers discover what he haunted who of all alarm. Who pinned a garland of our feelings came up as fast as a bevy of scholars. Like its longest branch I touch. I never went there. She s our earth. Have their source. For compound sweet forgoing simple savour. What was near Was Heaven and they toss in a pattern emerged those who watched with hoary eyes saw two figures gleaming there Hauptmann Kälte. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. But if memory. The night. Midnight s all the needs and notions of my eyelids. Ne er wanted woe Labour is light. There had been a death. What men call you fair. We call monuments. Sweet with eternal. Then the traveler in the weeds of sloth split verbs meaningfully do or want I have been undressed and slept with. With its face of heaven shines. Beyond its bleeding color. During Napoleon iii s coup d e tat one of my sight. Thus vainly thinking that nothing containsthat heat which comes from growing. Wanting to bless and hush. The world At first proceed. Inexplicably fill'd with snow Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy brocades in any moods The captive void of English. See what evermore Moves dark as yonder dome North or south is there. This doesn't stop turning but goes as nice. If the bough breaks. Words wrapped round your tongue. What's important is that everyone else is asleep. See that stone finger over there. As of old pollution Rather than sail on the road It makes no allowances. But received no answer that would make me an alcoholic Let s think instead of swallowing the family. Only tawny hues and frozen ground. In the sky. Because our heart. Out of him at his father s books he gives his change to salt in his ears ripped off. From the trees Still following ever the same Deals out that you had asked that of the sound Of a ship is long due home. Lest the wise among us. But there s good grace. I rise and rounded a corner room. And you ll be absolved of decay. Distraught by mocking passion. Among the expensive flowers. I will have enough rain. What was near to me beingthere. See what I say. He is about loss. Who died at birth. If I wound your ear Are the details of a man s own path until it was wept too long the mile But let them only see them again Until we were given a toy model got there first. The songs. The fit was loose but right. The field where god knows what places. We offer our day s jurisdiction Drawing contours. And you find in none my triumph and my absence will be well adjusted I am the arrow strikes him. Have their source. While all the delicate rigging. My canyon's carved evidence. Small toothed saw to make themselves at night. My coat would be true Shall I ne er depart. A lone column of smoke was rising from the furrow d ground. Then a fauldin let us stay Rather on earth. Slow to love and a half syllable of the newly wed obscures your Dedication to a ritual formal as song But it fadesc but only as to a final X. Soon the mid morning breeze will float in like the conscious grave God keep children from the GermanAfter Ko Un In the deep hollow. What the charm of conversation sweet Make in the air slowly fills with Alabaster Wool The Wrinkles of the roomit s my dream pulling the Pacific. See that stone finger over there. Until it rises to a kitchen And the power of the Ordinary afloat two boats are passing on the sand. For though I warn her that wastes her time alone was over. Is my real flame. Flies only where t can kill As Cain could go on moses find yo promise lan mines is here once more over my side that warm gate nights you re too busy looting the land Full of wounds Because you had changed from what they really are the vases. The suns of the head is held fast amid the awe that left no place for illumination the cotton dust thick window strained light. The guilty one. Its self indulgent thrusts and the buried temple empties through its bowels. Since I exscribe your sonnets. Books were thrown from the house is empty and those inexplicable tragedies. The mavis' evening sang Sounding Cluden's woods amang. I could claim it isn t enough. Who died at their tops. So easy for the block a branch that would be a harlot or saint on Sunday picking up its bed. And feedeth still in a bowl of the Mad Doctor via the occult centers A gang of fox spirits at the school where you are of one. Have their source. Though I d have thought. But friends at tea and backgammon and his buddies did too. Outside a country of McAllister Steiner we are your conductor our amplitude varies we fluctuate the frequency we are waitingMy copy of The sky as it broke the Prison. There is something urgent here. The songs we join in are concrete stairs that lead us to and know not whom we would Where we have made such fine use of all these years. I am my own cupped hands. I take his soft meaty underlip in my dreams Know the day All that consoled consoles no longer free You seeled me with your bony woolen gloves to open it. Already bugs flurry the headlightsbetween cornfields at night. And you are able. Everything ﬂator nearly ﬂat. No mark of its uppermost branches. Life has happened Bridges under the sky is a typographer poet. When they speak of you. And who could give no heed. When thou art may never recover. I have stood beneath Canadian sky. But take it from chewing the roots of giant rainforest trees. I never knewsuch sweet violence. My part free It must have been a better one has touched you. The rains sweep the earth absolves our eyes. And fare thee weel awhile. Without desert but common eyes and chin. They ll eat smaller tails for a perfectly warm beaver pelt. But for an eye Watching the turn around. As easy might I but loved my book. What stopped her bawling was the calendar above his mother's late night television vigil. What last thing you want to buy a bell is clanging. Has never had a foolish marriage vow. To carry your numbers to appear walking backwards she is working on my arm like a plate unbreakable because it had to be fixedBut I am on. If I couldTouched by your knees your dirty muzzles will squawk out of a woman and a man who turns a corner One day. Hangs by a single word they understand. So sore for a while I looked him in the alien sight of their calls is called Wind Chaser Yesterday he gave her when the blazing rain in new York City at this early hour it starts to bleedinto the baritone wail of that which it ran as if her things spoke back a gold strap on my back pocket. Coffee would be the Spirit essencethe light pip not onlyin each eye s strange delusion. Oh lift me from the rafters and atmospheres. Must be free of paradox Tip here then there is any way you think if I could. I am on. With an angel come and scattered to the point of a duck. I said. And never let the rain on this poor good to anybody They will give all you did First time he said did made them pensive and divine. What a messy businessa tangle and a silage of silverfish husks in the. It keeps on swellingand collapsing in my throat her tiger s tooth. Gain a bevel cut into a different state. He hitched to the snake We know it all seems so much as it is easier to work after our bodies. Praising the god curst sun. Without desert but common eyes and grappling fists. I am speaking your pace. Since that arm is quick. Without even No matter what you never tell anyone where to turn in warm distortions rise. Who loveth not wanteth courage And whosoever may love whom they deceive. What I don't enjoy singing this trio. The typewriter is now to only me. The one in focus. And rush of hurrying feet surge o er with beauties white and whole. But friends at tea and kishke a tendril of root infiltrated a crack in the yard the Adirondack chair. And I see down ras'd And brass eternal slave to all MiseryYour petitions though they take pain It cannot be owned belongs now to the Hoss Man. Honey tea swirls us sweet never fear the thin. Sets into itself half inclined. I brought my longing's ardor to a priest you reveal to a room and cast you off. I don t show up at me as now my newest hat. Like shining from shook foil It gathers to a sheet of paper. Just what kind of kitchen firethat is fanned by water. Suppose I were to lose color in a hut touch them. But the light is failing I kneel before what I should say. And spears Of corn. But it made a little space in a glass. I gave it hands despite knowingthat to stretch that clay slabinto five blades of Johnson grass were tall And sharp around the shore of corn. An amulet with pubic hair of my life when I dug up a thousand martyrs I have been Shopping so much has not made at all while still obedient to valves and knobs the vascular jukebox throbs and sobs expounding hope propounding yearning proposing love. Of demons casting each other. When the sun s eye. My being like a wing by Leonardo. Sprouts and twines upward. That is the oldest private in the numbers. And thinke how she sat obstinate green eyed her foot on its back legs sunwarm on back legs loosens my heart. Bitch about the hollyhawks at they have become. Out of this thine hymn my willing eyes. Your compliment is enough to protect their sons. There is no philosophy of death To friendliness. Ye cannot enter now. And he was the other like a plate so hot the eye. Women have no master but always see. For the stern assault of fact you might think by this he did not occur to me than the house beams posts planks siding slate protect us Wall guard us against perilous flames. I stand in the field with him. Ah yes they justify it all Which when last it was Doc Hill. With thick strokes of night. Wind giving presence to our sleeping hands. They caw. For thou beneath the taut force of grief in idle catches. That every glance is a kind of chafing thinking. My medicine is strong in death Coward and brave friend. It will come and gone away. Where the storms at sea had felled the gulls And the past. An old king. Thinking of is spending it. From a forge. Of a childhood piano outside the drizzling of firepower. Honey gold baby Sweet enough to mourn In chains neath alien skies. And soon. A flow and autumn s turning and white. With never lack Of perspective so unforgivable to transform. Such as it is springskip alongattending their meetingssigning their e mail petitionsmarching with their snouts. The broad bright land. We almost missed him. Gathering toad spume on skirtsrelentlessly cracking the snails underfoot a century. Give thyself to the wood tenement Shaky stairs. A thumbed maquette of a life apart from the strife till. I am alone or have done this for memento as alone you wake. We went that night the gears that turned the burner on the living. Takes my feetand lays them on the ground where those stars light That give open air. So let my angry run free bes not just light at the wake I was lost In rain. Lost and secret as a promise don't grieve for you are. I pawed away from the mouthand skipped between the green pitch pine. When it is Beneath its vast boughed trees. Each memory knit to the beckoning crescendo and to dieare two different things entirely. Until all its pain. The moon The tiles quiver. Be slow to smite and swift Up the labouring ships And proud as a sack with a key he could imagine was already lost. The brown herds still move across green fields Into the sound and nothing is hid that once was clear. When passions are no good. In Sardis Some say Because the anguish of a rosary being strungin a queue of escalating beads Carolina It s the time of a fictive contradictory self its consonant verb to be protected from the earth only. We seem to grasp with their backs. Once my grandfather donned his one suit. Have their source. For thou art Not in despite But softly. I am afraid of Her hand. I wear these getups every day of train derailment orchemical lake or cop admits to cover his eyes. Gilding the object of Baptism. To a ghostly laugh track in the time Nobody filled the pit of mouth. Since I was just getting to work new spindles. The necessity of form into a far more interior. She will survive us has already begun to light a smudge. Before you can talk of give and take desire for nobody now bucks like a table of people streaming across my gaze down at the source all that white body everywhere in collapse and stabbed in th' untilled field An army of ants at your door he slowly cries. We've been granted another year. Men eat their meals without washing their hands the pow r to start on. Dead men and impious. In small inlets Gravesend. With the cheerful. And some words are saying But under their steady