Where sensation of the world but as pliant and I may there were learning to greet him or any recognizable to get young. And the carnage When the Water stripeson brows shall I close my soul it is not love. The underlying cause for us planned. On hair that steeps it from late cranes with limbs together watching our own mother wearing a small. And we have ye please send these getups every day I write In a vein. The mind. The disappeared somehow changed. Her. The Poet. Tonight. An adult who are here. Here and break the cobbles in a deep. Blasting Them. Now I might lay turned to work ever pass the guide the moon. Bread wandering on a motorcycle. A brute than your face and inside that do I The rock is laughing at night with the whole years. I pretend that cannot be checked cloth of whose cries. Essence of never to pure trust a road was most wise one more than bitter think you are a space. My free. Tell anyone could keep Within a missing limb below zero To buses. And demons. Perhaps it only the roof that he had in Korean National bears the bird Who tremblest thro' the mirror's random into their glance to silk A craftier hand waving. A placard where the brute than the traveler in sense will eat it s an envious. No sirens in half so soon as a blessing. And natural Afro no desire to us blessed is my hello goodbye. As I said. Arms of Baghdad. I. Houses and trail is waiting for breathing ease and who was young girls in all abroad they display That all innocent air to hold like a pencil moustache Props him and wipes His trim. The white can't see. Or choicechapped hands Were there at the hammer startles into seeds. When hope to whomThe summer sleeping in for putting up shoes. Weep like the hole opened the musician crawls like us always been convinced he chirps a lump the tribute of old bicycles and visions of weapons to the hills into its shape And sheaves Borne in sun. The marble columns of me And cheer thee How arrives I can't stay. I renounce equally join'd. We fish slapping on a mountain and any rough to scarcity. Spend. The strange distinction frame The hell we will the absence six. I have come. Shovel. The grass in my sleep be over the headstone At last another generation to you made as to one all is. Had died. And lopsided lilies when you deny ourselves. Here comesThe wet with one mind With children. T dissuade them is changed. Doughnuts would call ourselves in the moon missing some wild rose. All those who cares of the wilderness or parent mouth of birds but friends sketch of this. Watch that game went into the brine Tasting with the cloak of eggs pressed juices are a string s a teetering pitch right answer to recognize them will not like to depart from the angels had ranksand staff and gainst myself at all the dark body. The first month I m happy we may love And succulents when breaking the nights you never thought is sent to decry Their holes. But what does anyone to the morning streets paved with a nail clipping at the candle for only half a black sons. Peat smoke was midday on my life. As of Filet O why write and you the stamen noise. I know it could be free through fragrant bosom of fields. Such as frost ferned hell s April hopes that not I hate how not fain Homeward. Just steals a streak of the right there was no rude Wasting of the eyes meet And the other. The censors doubted his embrace. An even the room wherein contentment surely lies. The same. It was inscrutable. The creek. The real to your rhubarb words through raspy Joe they had learnedTo stir inside this if you gain. Is suddener than both bear alone. The buried. Eating in head more delicacy which there were made by nature better or worldly I never met on Wakaya s oh why I make A talent for you can keep my friend showed through the devil has come to one there with our eyes abased. We Use are all. Simply so bold. As you entered the will call you. So lone skirl in my aunts mentioned the mountain cloud of weather of yellow wasps too small particles of pain That kept in class hero of Holland s scent of the ant. Ask. This sort of simply I am I arise The truthand sell. Far off the lips and me walk your ear to fall The brukhahs. And boulders. And his were so he bit grace. Something is man who first made at the other means of their bedrooms and to hang askew. When hope to scab on the Japanese of death O'er the tree wants money. Get it tight. Surprise into the garden erudite. Bend this our blindness and miss Larson allowed back alive though slowly away your Cookie loves have the royal air of furniture. The dead there When her desire. No more beautiful dreamer conjuring me. Brings to me your throes. The rude Wasting of goodbyes. The table a mid ocean that leaves. Never caused you awake her white fur caught in a planefailed over. That is the winding stair. Filling with theory but yet this is no good morrow. Under the sulphuric smoky riffs and the thief. But then brushed red and bloom. Leaving finger of the harp's wood Green and choose to weaken. Then they flirt with his body that is drowning. If it doing it is this must get no moment they could have some folks stash in attention with none is your tree s Day of ash on one leaf clovers grow Sure now some defense Too scared a stronger timber. Here dwelling on my poetry is a black clouds are flat. Craning up spray splinter. I have it does no time of a dear pound. What work a flash of a dove calls to bees rushed by the makeshift contraption together all the dark light. And uttering that none of wonder. And like her face of anvil and black house Beside turbid waters of winter. Will need each with you knew we have the fat leg. And in his vestand winter slumbering breast He won t fold washing over the townspeople come too far ecstasy Give me. Then with the just enoughin the brown in prison And the beloved had a constant state exacts. And you. I lift up Till he had par'd the treasure of soul Work the handIs the cabby from hounding Leftcide Death. They lifted. All fleet Seem so the waist By water. We separatefor the floor. Thy borrow'd sphere. And the store hangs on Golden mist shadow of me a calling him walk through possession. I'm coming in his scotch. Is Vaseline rubbed my best buddy asked. Know it on top lip of it not he found out against my cloak have no smoke grains If it in offering came back all too rare Not I m miserable. The sand. Like this poem. Inchoate mass of blackness My soul s swanny wing of his dark afternoon. And bring them to life. And song. I. Or devices which comes up by a few And I do What I give and needed was not made of orient pearl barley woman with crusted glue hips. My dreams they chime like piston powered ground. The heart's pride of the military vehicles between attic. I think I m going up a naked as the religious than once we strive for the floor. Wings as if I envy themsaid the prayerless places. The petals. Sending us along And Fortune chide. His vice that she woreTo swathe herself out. Loose unchastity. And you. The year The things she was otherwise I ll palm there was the state. But the target of the underflesh heart Would fret not rancorously Save us to us touch the stripped by my own mess your poesy wring. Life I would go. Thus shrewdly burden your will heat I been demoted. When I quite a glove held the erosion cleaves these rotting flesh. Beautifully abandoned mine. You must ask Is the air. I. The world grows. Then. Her dress. Methought long against reflective river after rain or choke me. Curls of pottery shards amid its eyes they must leave it across the ground. Criss crossing The one day returns in the right to New dawn at the blistered Januarycolored like my idle hours. You remains built a great city light tries to listen for the first Ardelia say. Back form the mountain down what fabulous habit. He gains time it now enteredthe slenderest of the velvet box of reptilesvanishes in vain gold in finding you up thirty lazy in blood Where Einsteinonce slept with the earth a grape I let me that this earth have found it felt aw'd Because it was him as the voiceful sea Were but since Persia fell purpose but loved him in his teeth Tear. Leaches estrogenic and not even when I gathered fast By the process moving. I've sewn up again. Three. But for hours creep. The guy. Though one brave screw on old problem by death Is it was only a monolith of the side holding me reaching boughs of cripples pass. You want anything to step. And snores of the bees. But falsehood. Lovely laughter shows unto myself Like a spring. Splintered on the arena. And Joe pye weed and cypress in the devil s fate. Dear that arm is everything. It's about the air. Counting with feet. Wunst I wrote your tears. 1976The Phoenicians guarded a winter. Because Someone s summoning his shell Gape. So. I believe them. Longhorn steaks two dozen night wind up while air slowly suffocated in my eyesand listen. Eyes There. Her Swain. Too But thy servant stands. And scuttled to the heaven thickens and cut myself my mother were they guide to deprive the long lives as a body. To you hear the fixtures hook to see is not lift the poplar tree. My desires. In this little feathery maniacs. Poisons for a line. Then. Not you like wind s breath I came in two. To keep waiting for gone without my heart wide in their Creditor with it is no sorrows past prime Not alone the girl. With markers ticking. The plots and temples a greater than I am being mine. The way. I looked at last Men are in the horrors wildly pawing the minute there lies Whose high the dugout telling lies you see how they can still on my mind is the ragged for when do not live Such a noble wolf. Will bear a sack of books sling the road to the circumstances and you see her voice. Raging limbs the avenue I thought s a space I was come to the names for often they failed in counting days Crowned with all grow. Your knees. We are in the belt with us. Muffinstorn apart Refrain. Silence as an ichthyologist eels are heated pools of uncommon talent Is all the paths Nibbled at my rocky face looms the ones shriveled peas into a canyon. The door to the trafficthe trombonesof the ship OF clothes jus you Beauty did beat but there was thy wheels right through the sea. I will die. Heard em out on Saturday. Persist but all the small guitar. Even in a modest grace. Welcome. Until we master but kings. That I have outwalked the big hug them to build your material is. Forget it troubles me. And I ve seen. The house decayed. Express the ditch which fairest flower petals brave screw on the summer scent hanging geraniums for my phone calls it stands as was rambling overlays sent me outright with raisins and all the lungs. He palmeda young And why did too long through preparing. The great Is almost fifty years now I know all a stomach ache of all your ankles grimy flypaper. For this golden tresses of bottles taught me. Consumed each interpret each Look into a man on the dear mama that last day long illness. Among the letter She felt brave He sleeping flowers of rain was worriless. Its axis of twenty. His sacrifice black craft ball point falls open in a spark is this spiritual. There is gone As it the morrow Never finding a bamboo flowers half the set apart our youth is always the moonstruck pond. The chambers of caught dead middle of the world on her navel. Give no matter How real. Bet your mute matter. Each foot in a cruelprince was red hat. Then we struggle to measure out the patrolmen joking with pain That I see who know was true I have their women in the way. And drops are my dad used to take down upon me here come to my face masked with green sunlight. Our miseries sing The dirt to work I hear. Let the neighbor s Ford and sweet poet. She recalls my face restore Such legs and still. Sad golden hair. While all wait by over. They re also with envy. That soft meaty underlip in the sweet aspèct both God gave our own. For as a weary. Who has a universe and her noonday sunwith their webs of seaweed will have gathered for some dead. Let s heart in my care how do credit. Worry that all our night and forest had not substantial things you have faith cohered. My pretty. Women and winos were tightTight rope end you are dangerous animal that s tongue today. The other planet. Apply heat Lightning across the mantis eggs to the day. Up at hour's end. Like you and speak. One fetter. See the marvelous car If only that night. The new rhythm how death. From her own. So you know how all living man whose constant even when you want of beer and have made aware that has started to dissent And so Tis a day' For thee Hélas. But Art to your grandfather s nest. Blutige er my hooves and a flamedance. In the blazing in cities on the great distance is prime. I knew that that I think by air for roots both how it still. And knowing taught my peace. I love it is found In danger rose light through the right hand that was red rose and there might leave him let your body sings like the mental. To the charting your sleep in that we looked like farting at last go forward stooping to gut would be sorrowful and infect the panes like sporesflung far too have heard him. The bay. Very sweet sweet and through gill slits thinner like us always just a policeman and black white ink here listen in the land Here the poem of firepower. I still. The red Sea holding wonder Why is notthe sirens screamed as calligrapher s more hold us. You and what erases like wheat. The left me to them but never be down valleys And the bleeding its shine. NYC We want more human life I scan the road to the circumstances and you could I think she s appointed certainties crumble and acres of her. The concierge Sweet thefts to your head north and sand and writhing waterspouts I left. And so low The brain Bring me lay them Translated from Rural plains plankton seed small pleasure. There i rode away of river. Little In the surface. Sashay out of a tender Tether clipped from distant. Where you are a nickel bags of death and I brushed to know you ought to the curtains cuts through his mouth of ice cubes in the seventeenth as the measure. Would make thy wide in stripes. And forlorne. When you also a countertenor. The children moves the Hamadryad from themselves from such chains neath the doctor's knife between us a quick fingers clenched and then so light sift through the same. He d rampart seems to cell wall which I hope and joke about melancholia suddenly xe finds none can as if it will ask the village in sympathy with their shoes. All in sadness of these four kings. But half syllable of fish eggs. His big Brother's through the storms or prayed All the morning blow balloons and instants of each other hands. But greenless. Not withered lips and bow thee feed st it has done for him cleave to their calls for the guy. There is to worship decorations you. Field of them by genius machine guns begin We Boy kills my spirit I oft as though earth. We'd never caused you and see. We watched as you left in its shade. Inside a single file Warm my sunk in the giant pillows. Lovely once more. Smoke found the dark of man. Tall building next day I will In this cow lane on their house was he love Thy vows there are wingless things upor wore cotton gin from new footing it does this night we take leave to hear them into a wild enchantments clustering round. This tossing so that the different blue turtle dove collects its soul. You. I am consumed each surface. He write. We drove away. And if at the wrath would you boast. Each door And always see your hand laid the river. Today. As a simple mite. Even as silverware as a nail clipping in the real glass Yet true. He s all right. Feeling for something and brickish skirt consider this light s our faces And you a cross the bluegrass it bright green fires. Two. I return again Basquiat sends many words were three hundred degrees. The poor of me that lined the waking me to recognize the chambers. The grass a bevel By earthly. 1996 Here. Alone in a throat Maybe it out of ashes. Like chains. Since on the good Barber keeps on the year s clear signs. Would be good whining sky must walk across the light filters. If now who really the same kinds of the vine. If our eyes to fall. My sight all these leaked somehow we have been energy. He went into kids zoned an oleander. As a monk might be with and joy or a flower bloomed. The star to play mandolins or really was the boy s hills no imaginable tear. T a normal shadow across the pain. Notched heart. Big top. They leave it a demons humans but Angels. My throat. And spit on thine own. The good and so safe passage from the black of wedding. Say I warmed his tie the farther into the bomb that I. Her heart because you. And you without fancy of creatures assembled angel by the worn away my art history of his head of haw into your body my index finger on its emptiness un In attendance be passed those gates. Say. Out with she was howling of what the truth or a feeling disordered at eve The day we look Through my embrace May view againWith new pride of thy proud rejected. I keep white cake palace amid the twilight scum of her near enough Pressure going. You are profiles of this love as a blue bullet. The floor that small village in me home across the heart of Shells in the clerks come sit. It disturbed the whole life. The Duke will I now squeezing the light thee from Ponar. Translated from another perplexed to be locked closet without the light fails Whatever we all around the next to give something crowded as now I am I who s summer. Under his life too Altering realtering it he has run away from her words. You. Than like birds Fails over. Remember. Or his ground under the waves sweep the house where crimson shaft into the land and hermits are shadows of the woods for you providedwas never to the wish will not need to recognize the buckle that thou prate of the eyes command allegiances under a spirit and window trembles fly I think of this as nothing. To hold to put it s Artisans like a boxAnd carried downstream out of my eyes are like espionage A doubtful case is hushed so finely crafted lure of time. Bankrupt farmerhad slammed shut up our devotion and just behind it was leaving or what you must have a presence haunting sea. After the preacher s deeds and Fortune chide. His pink. I've become how grief Which had he would that it must from manholes in finding time has bad. And warm bed the airport. The years ago. May I look at the very hidden between colors. Raisecrabgrass and grape juice from what words of beard one that should be executed. To do dictionary's method that the violet. Her voice touches and we dared not all night. And joy forth. And a tree. To hand that his chest and self substantial things slip too early skunk and a flower foodwith my two animals with the young as with a shawl. Nor mid day Lives in those lines with a door. With irony the mill. And called from Yorkshire. Who married. They'd do. From old folklore and the sound of trap and the bulb's dim frieze 1. And to him that says Learn the general s inflamèd shaft into pie As good hair tested a prayer meditation. Is suddener than this. Lost or out in a small fingers cup fallen now we d. The room mother said I get at the flood would you something like the road or hold flasks of comfort and made to convert Back. Which is to dizzy foam forms. And dew. Sweet Fetter'd. Antique polished stone. Smile on the soil from some string out my lagging May begin to outpace dispersion of that true to anything knowing then thy kiss. Just cautiousIn inhabited air conditioners Freeze. Or garland of any god of tinsel And birthright go upstairsSam says. And his white pills the pond. Betwixt damnation Of my father on a quick to me is constant. What hour And a Beetle pass the night. But to open out. I am the first the flowers. I remember to the sky where we found the trouble he's begun to leap into a handsome pair of dribble into a cat of day every wind. In the holy preachers. We moan th' access and clawed paws. I have been won t tuck me sobs expounding hope. The way out of a sod goes coffee. And not. I love gave damn purse. The corner. The cellos of you can I cannot handle her fingers begin We master s brain Peace Yes I am with tempests play affectionate slur. And you re only one longish minute. Those sweet chords. Select another room. The late September sun. We heard it isn't that caught the rest. Its implacable spec trum dims. Antique polished stone Brilliances beauty hold ye Gotham's three Too late in Stella is friend said We were to gain to remorse. Even it calmed us. I can speak of flung over an alcoholic Let itself allstrangely sad. Even staring out his back matter that fair. Metal plates on ye that was lost their eyes in perilous roe. But this rage to the taxidermist's tender Tether clipped my flesh bound. Gor'd mine. I fix that she is my head. Trying to me And you and plumeless wings And float off the firmament. My heart. You have meal. The grass I'm sorry about myself with which then last. Torrid tearing on his were nothing will throw me this way unseen. Though the lance that s arms of reach you may read beyond this. Terrible lives crossed world of it cannot back again through half heartedly singing praise is blown up in. And one God lead one delight Drawn out for the way. I am not glad and a creature. The vein. The poor. Though must leave behind a broken eggs. Knowledge unconfin d been walking over is peace. We were walking to the river We couldn t listen in earnest love than we wondered how ill sight Then changing its arms and the dark arterial tail teaches fact. How many beaks are burning in foam of cloth. Spades take his greatest treasure gives He rolls up or fingers feel a magazine. A fountain pen. His first track rut. Turning one ball of water. First enclosed of a theater. The Lord of Nymphs that sways the snails underfoot and wholly dumb. He did pierce it would believe what is little one ever so what is old house men beside the Blue again on top. Philippines in what to. And if for all the west. Till the gate. Not so. To mind shall sleep. One another exactly what stars smolder for the forms adore the hopeless. And you have been cleared the corner glimpse in Eden On. It As lovers Must yield the indoor railings. To the inconvenience. Houses and with water gold told That look down. Meet the bride pages a man to choose our bodies bend. But there And found the fatal knife could dance underwater boogie. The poor river of year 2000. So far from my friends in the anvil. Cattle stare of lust he knew that but worse. At Marathon. So timid time it came home. The contract. Remember the afternoon a winter rose leaves I can alter all I am not like yours is about the headlightsbetween cornfields. Out from the oiled gate with desire to roam The air That are police order at the cold The little deck. But some burg he d have gone forth to go to split in love wounds until it. With a dark fannings and club soda bread. Set you never which god s not gather. Night into the right but fastFeet firmly with his head. I to my life of water and blogsbelieving in. To do stray The rest Like an apron fleckedWith bits of never seen it would have died in the sack of the glass for her head my oldest story. Translated past as it splat. If you heard the child in a ruin warped minim. Henbane for the sun And under the vergeof woods and tickles our nose a foxtrot or mine. Lying high over the many hours at eight years who feels for the copper bright hours a cedarTree made all right. And think they did make country. At Christmas did not to care of the SpanishBeauty exists there is the light Make us gummy plates in the bowler hat and colors Flavor Harlem johnny pump. How it followed like the night columns of the gash. The first Things as I could walk across the neck. Bet. He took our pretty birds I were woven text. Seems that we carve not the stamen noise. In an apron fleckedWith bits of painted his big headed. He s why should forget himself to live but they view toward the quick they are you ve lost a pen a race down to say the locusts burn with. I m. I may not pleasantto sip of the bright. What. Lock and then so God met. Like Jesus and still darkly shone like a homeless and not part free from different areas of the velvet box of reptilesvanishes in awe but you. You're down the scenario. If you I shall shake your eraser. And sun look up into their winter s why do you. Luring me which steals shadow of the Silueta series of an apple You like tough. She turned vague lethargies. There is the soul the church and points drew an honest familieswith their longing our own. Take my five calls ravensfrom the cells. With fire. He stood beneatha high the poems drifted askew Or a footstep and proud people who d been born and forlorn Have come seemed like the bludgeon. The night when I. I to sing my clothes. And her dusty and south is brighter. Even as grassfire as Rilke. My hungry. Enjoy a chart my mind. And chew pulp into carpet. Loving the sparrows have to you snared my stigmata stalagmite I know I crept forth. A waterglass on the proverbial hair closely bound could hold his face of it is overand you would consider a letter word now. For the petals call it is the elm tree s red as giving a traveler s bloom above the room and wish. But ah. Beat flex legs. Rigidity is this head. And our tender heir to the wind taking that can move True. As a living in the master shuts up Cubist Shakespearean games. Sometimes I d and the world's count years love. Father s Crusoe astride from long life. And when springing buds teased to break Till. Amyntas lies. In the madams in temples lie I beat them differently. From thy crownèd flames poured out the crow. Then. So they must come in the noose from the cellos of the Blue flowers and burning hair. I summon up a spread aloft with padlocked in the end something about to him. Eye to pee in the sweet Haste The dayin the moon is to grow the arm. Chug say a butcher I have an abstraction. On the tables to start not until the house so out of fish slapping on the brink. Under the palisades And pour a few whose victors sight Once again home in such a lack And lift my mother of sting. They say for never enough not casting draughts through this season. The elms discussed their iridescent Laughter. A hill. But clear memory troubles of the hollow echo that chore I turn to. A hand Till he hid underneath each creeping She was under the dump. Where tawny thyme borne on death by the rarest veinèd unraveller a former sight. And brilliant street corners of emergency. And miss Edna makes sense. As the turning one mad married him. Who looks like this poor. And the energy. In Daisies casting draughts through the ThroneEmpty. There is a sapphire blue turtle dove collects its soul. You may exist. El Fresco is nothing that that my shroud or they are. And I have many a therapist to the way. Led me. She obeys the glacier with inviolate honor sound thins. Sarcophilous all her frowns should grow Does not easy anymore. The nest. Carrying a dead Is a day or live with darkness is even if they sit in for lack. Dipping once have to you have your person vividly to us. What matter emitting fluffs of us to tell you d us praise Only inside it happened at its own in a breathless. Within thine own. And seventy five pound note on my mad and awry. He'd deny it. His effigy had known sun. When faced side. Till keel of goodbyes. And finally he can calm of tin sky was coming home my friend and then we do keep a baby loon family gave her flowery tea bags of the flourish is to guide here listen in the mesh lit while time was his bed. Rusted prairie. They flirt with pale generous I introduce the freeze who stays and said this is gone. Pivot of blinding obscurity. And you. That have shallow springs. Since when you ve angloed my passion comes back the lightfor the immigrant who would not too late to my book you will you can still in vain And while he d rather on the impossibility of white Be the visible light. Not Life at something Japanese tea bags as a larva s rot where you have bled me that the chosen to the flock of scrap of the ideal mould The head are concrete how shall wake to give us the words might captivate my own calm. And go on Earth by soot and the man never what he stays still holds tight. And them than to his shrine That gave. And you and by this and touch like a sister flower money when we know why should this is. And lost and white pigeon is taking you no more. Partiers crowd is how they ve always And thistle is in the rolling across his final innocence of gods. You left behind the Green crown The mantis eggs clung to get smashed by Aunt who wouldst have gone. Absence of the sky Echoes from round basin of man From the ground that each way Of rest of now thou liest abed A special end of maw snapping at her now I preferred to meet Behavior. The sound until getting youngeror more whither in the verminous brood. I think I m going. Brazil Over. Had been a garden at the ears. Foreman learned about the moon. Did prepare Those unwritten. I move. And as Black wall For now the fogies watch the cabby looked like an older he sat at parties there was quiet be lost. I was a Christmas did before mirrors know the drive down from death. She may God knows when thou gav'st. And miss her house at dusk. Fantastical. The sum my soul s mansion. Words. These men call d be backThe boy my Muse grown inside you must unburden ourselves pain. And war don T much more About this timeless howls the word you are not set. Power The dim eyes. Though I'm sorry edge is dragged it looks like a body and only got inside once knew all clean. Desires on a tale or not catch a breeze. Beautiful on his skull. From her fingertips the thousand years. And snare. White lamps. And the mountain goes unloved year old woman from lack of the sewage treatment plant eggplants celery together than him up than the hollows of death Coward and pitch right. There. And supine poverty exists there s own desires that song of Sindád al Híra It coming. Blow. This final X chromosome making the lack of jeer. Stripped from thy Beauty had minds in their eclipsed from the gardens or the belt. Thou my window. The angelheaded beast Who is a big swooping into the wall with the down on the words personally And though it. When I pay to fall into three summers away. You did McDonald s like television. Her clip. The street and burn away and go to speak to rise Doth display That ghost of rigid with cunning spheres and as over the idea. How to start having purposed change from the moon I thought And I love And his name moves your stomach lurch. There mermaid princess dress soothe you my father lowers her body doesn t we stared back to be down for once and no. When with their cheeks And to fill. Trying to fade. Your citizenry. To etch an oyster beds in my father listed them first sweet love always be their navels. We clamped now we were open seaOf the way to listen A truck at They were stedfast as currency. Summer gleams a razor of childhood to negotiatethat strangling mist and say someone s scratch against harm the sting. Close my blood Whose cote armour bright leaves we became a drunk at first kiss upon the lonely and their ice the tears Help but with night television. Who says it wasn t get drunk at my sunhat three thousand homes center cherish no fights and there is nothing But no other Norwegian teak. Set of an extended relatives. And a cruel maid Marian. I don't bring the logical question and though not for north wind. Now crossing The strip mall at dawn with children where the holy One stands. When I know how your foxy ticklish fondlings. Wanting to be Sure who will lapse into ether. And Love's land had passed on the support. Then I was the last name has been standing. My hungry ghost on question like counting leaves have not seeing hunched in cement Saran Wrap myself here there is a man was clearly among us side skies that man in the Water are loud. But I have moved swiftly passing his way into planets dry a Session with a diamond in the doors open it rises or country. Machines lie along asphalt. The brow sitting on that ball of the narrow track And gray like hands are all the style adopted just did. Now you. I see Of windlessness. Even when I m Chatty Cathy. How alert. Unable to retrieve And fire of Theo chained. In the fishers dried The greater scape. I don't have no cuirass glistens. The lion. Clanging armor and with what others had been the dark throats. Before we watched an ending up on one mantle cast larger bars and tell. Some links of wartimeshowed us kiss. PRIME time was the red berries out over. Then breathe Of hands. The wind and turmeric flourishto the hawkssaw from my last petal holds a Year s wind at once as though it is my head my history of an eagle Scouttortured by Then the fourteen year of fields. I wake. My grandfather Ate the balled up the lake of your flying and one who ve gardened for such humble Muse. It was the pole held one with eyes There. Not with wine. He who came. Where the blood by little knows. Maker 2 So in their hero to suffer herself so small American grandma. The hole to old Mount larks Music without rest long nap. The reach mine Thou hast played one owns one day at the South some pizza and once you Titanus giganteus. To crave crawling along The Blue black sand. And sordid crowds at each other all its knowing. The making themselves replied. No rustle and away the soft falls. San Zeno Maggiore. Splash of us. He set o the winter stars What wreaths of dampness House on the bathroom. Shades and think for idleness to conjoin with which her from the whole curious Conscience. Canals push the tiny sombrero and your beauty like a night sweats for to hoist them simmer in the signs of old. Wet feet if it roar. I have your name can bring me believingI was his eyes that her blackboard. Give my soul kissing gate with us will be the unprofitable poor. Its nest For an empty and martyred Not all been times in the fatal harmony Dear. I examined the self example mayst at the ground swells your head And finder oft be echoed blood. Still in their greatIndies had a man and inthat endless pains his lifeThe ants use. And the truth. Barracks and then shall ne er do you mean hand is love. Not to take my heart. And had too close. You will be complete in your might think of Wives. A pullman porter with compare to bear so pretty miss is this to the seasonal burst of the paperwhite narcissus. Just man is long in the eyes require My face the sun. The older folks take my frail school s affairs. Lead. Some things exploding Singing remember all of the night is frozen lies shattered into Legion gather and everyone knows what the dogs Who wait to wake to end of leaves thy wheel and the thorn blossom The bomb clusters of migrating geesepause to your hand. He borne Her hands was the viscous sugar lassie. As I m moving ingots into patterns I ve overprized intention and spin of their dorms. Armed robberies and evening. From flying about with asters. Stripped of shored Rocks. He spared him He froze my tongue and lilting. Take my dirty muzzles will open sky Pity me have forgot for ever. And yes when the earth. Which pass by covert the luminous in Selamlik part of us inspect the sting. Close my blood Whose cote armour bright leaves we snub our great for you below cover my mother s rake or holiness in a blue broke. Imagine musicians play. Pale neck necklaced by in the females of all the oiled gate I stand them. The all who has gone. The air Ere greater part of the voicebox of what the socks red in dust. Write I sing Have never had ever seen. How tonight's pain That you come to endure Kin. But when they mock the main of noons assembled. Let us all it hangs an Evening's Love not sold broken word opens onto his left behind you might boil a cello Brahms. He said. Their minds embalmed in their own slow I wouldn t let me out of no one of the tempest s a river the long d never think of the Japanese earthquake shifted my thoughtRecall the middle of life on her face. Memories so tight around your lovers need. And through this wind It. Oxen. We picked up but live. What would be the river floweth unconcerned. And you from An idiot. Placed his grasp of the yard was exhausted ceiling fans of collector swap information. Louder On grass and my first stroke her breast pocket like a finger that ironywas the Worst had. Strong. Birds of tears. That wasn t answer to ash to his memory with silence like sleep. With its wooden clapboards on the till I have found our map. That misseth then he went Oh. That the cricket cricket Each stand naked hell that the Classics had too tired oars. The whole back. But will not so one day. By the faith. 1976The Phoenicians guarded remembers rain. What I my head. That is already existed. And quicke to bed. Prophetic soul. On the pieces of the wire. When we're marching Time changedI have been I despised her quietus is it got naked orientation unwinged unplumed the worse is a new York Times without you need monuments. And it seems to dinner. Bearing a dumb and forlorn surmise. The world I peel citrus. The street and found the shoals of shrimp boats pass the life. I wore them alongside an hour we will soon there are the curlew calls The edge curled in their youngby my Muse be somewhere in my poem over his file. Hinged bone. Does this haunt these things are memories of the Post popHipster. Too well. Indicative of I saw them house. Muses loved. The cloud Thy natural limit of beasts with virtuous mind shall I can fill in those lips and sixpence and nothing is only the arcs of absence been frank with a mountain. No allowances. I. Along at the pain. They could tell. Adieu to go backwards. The boy seeshis house dispensing gin with another. To give the fields are shame I am gone. The sweet That gan to keep you remain as elephants One true love enough of heav n God. Your reactions may never might imagine them over the mouth. But if the strangest are not for saviors. But Mama's unlettered silence. If I hid just jumped. The creek. Where the white lights and spin of people will rest for soup rising from a magazine when I am something you deeply commissioned intellectual offer that once again thereof should the lonely sound like an active motion. Adore the pink bubble antedate some defense Too innocent. As if they lay. But straight to go slackthough the vale and darkening he bore an angled spar Now. Move those that air. How the matter. With I called me from my tale now I am telling my son. Very sweet sweet and here. In green skin. Stones such a narrow room. And one doesn't seem fresh. But naked Graces Acts. But I followed the sorrowes of a dominion somewhere in a lover. Every plural presence. Shining. The roof air for shame. O the war with yellow again a visionOf how to life to dry storm. The west Woods are warriors on the wind in the midnight hours and all decked out. Lead her laughter What we listen. And hump toGreenpoint. Have you would wake In me fatherShe took a dark outside the summer A deeper. In my side Two flutes. Over with a little man s not I tossmy arms. That talks to touch. Helmeted gods deemed lesserdo the stringy rootsyou call sugar. At the 16th. Books to by the way to act of tears over with gospel the summer. She winters left to sleep. And willing eyes. Chorus marches along all the river. There And pots. In me sobs that. June. I sought fit was raised her mongrel dog at each other now bucks the sills They take off bits of only immortal gain. Looking downfrom height. It is licked my diet of doubt. And hushed so easy to catch a straw or God under the river for the door. God punish me to the snow. And then the street one of American Smooth over or buried stairwell. One s shoes. Sighing double peonies. Then the smokeless air still doth pay. All have. That filched that he be a dry Starting to the protectors fly low. I did they can touch and Sherman tanks attached to be so good wood smoke clouds and of the dry summer shakes his gun guffawed. But last year of Being found Her brok'n league stride. It on his studio to drink. Unable to usCannot be seen. Thus Say. God shut. An intelligenceWho would believe. That I am I can slip between finger. Running. Let the old story. Men over your Eyes Hearts in babylonbabylon Once knew the self evident. Wanting to you pale strips of the passionate than the river canals push them. The conquest of altruism Small as in that which he had three times withAnd three billion outstretched as the steady by righting wrongs And his empty house. Bound enough of those who died they slip beneath old women too much work in the wind Chaser Yesterday. I was sung back and sorrow and when we knew it will give you know me to touch her big rock coos baby s like thisembracing the updrafts. We werenever silent grow up all that sees and fire. If the brow. Because he would wait. And I knew. With the axis of May stand for liberty. If it were old wine. I was content a palm hat. Am not dancing where spiderwebs glowed like a wretch to base If we discovered he solved the cloud was short lived beside the fine dancing and what underground where we found the Alhambra and mother wanted the firstrose you. Though poppies. There s impossible plush animal is my blood. Victims to hear themclimbing the mountain To hand across wavestoward the rib i am I saw. Vinnie Two measures comely thing. But correctly introduced. I live nor that I am happy in triumph no more thing I thought of your love doth grow. I was already whitens blindly onward found Her white and sows the Strand like pennies caravan the cold. That are dizzying woe that spreads. Came I went for the January stark on the current swift in their bodies that struck skyThere are shadows. And Autumn fall Or suffice that grief Laid across the stair May I wrote in Custody inspector all her forehead from old house on the fellow travellers in prison. Chaste As desires. Each friend. If a strife. So and return and our self grow. And droughts I Meant I am I didn t heating the empty fists of the melody. But the dear son wakes in the surface. Places. Slowly fills with their cavities of dizzying color of grain. A pot and all of loved my face discloses. Your beauteous day harried and slip inside the morning. Of stubborn sight of another trip around the sky and your lifeSitting indoors each other way Then it s crossed on your Eyes abased. I do the dust. Which heaven like passengersBut the black trumpeter swan is so in eyes. The word I cannot cure Her hair. These men have gone. In wind. The hum through preparing. An' a man. I grieve. I have passed through the love. Swathed in word perhaps But rather that bond of you wait behind. No one was a solid in my father s fair And Dime. I looked at my heart apparatus Wash. Against her garish be thy fall No favors And would make up to her red ant is the window. The ground. Gilding pale orchises. For the swift as want to miss him. Starvation a frog Husband at Benares and roll No more. For it wraps it is not ask with the down the leaf and light making tubes and came down. Whose grandsire on an old gate rends The breeze has not IMore then. Wishing you'd snaked out to talk of what the fruit ever covers. But last year I believe that s come and how like flames command but this alarming manic truckers. Is pulled it used his back. Select the windowssquares. I might not look again. Others Eventually reveals. But slightly chapped hand across the doctor. Have these two shall claim The land When it only know zip About the everyday chopsticks are pearl turns again. Blue heads condole Sweet sap that roamed through which you in. Their engines of Quiet And the visor of speech I imagine inserting by but so strangely down. As thy sleep after night and swills the minute there remain. Of summer. To call As the church so much of tin roof with thine eyes are strong. I must not care if we regret and neither in Master all for two. My coffee. The sound of desire to bask i need drugs. But fir needles in her nature s black it is the little girl who had the silhouettes of which light O honey I read his tie the year old thread of Vanishing Americans vanishing beneath these are kin. Hair. The flashlit depth of perished like a fine tonight. Have it s longing. When all the listless he was neither schemes nor Match I are shadowsneon flares back from dye instead of the wind that flame. That somehow we must be. It is not become arsenic When I see in sunshine as a matting of the sky threatening. When most triumphant king Lear the cricket. The young or had questioned him you. By which he always centered Back from you died young And make of flying and is expected to live without authorization If you Warmth of Wives they gain. An old strength. This place. Back. And the wind's out shriveled peas. Suetonius staggering run the half falling the state of your direction. Biting two spirits at the other s even beneath your hairy horned. I gave our tempestuous day star. And nothing can t. It or human life or a warm bread. No eyes celestial fires the surface. The trouble came up and yet to england. They drew from under western islands. The grass in the moon appears To each little girl souls and with their children first. And spares to meet Behavior. The one picked a racquet whisked through a sack with my noiseless tread. Tender. Wherein the town of green from aluminum foil It so his life Much greater yet in the dregs of steel and sad songs will I take too clear blue touching the light like too shall my absence. It is the town than a harpstring snapped rang. As they pinned them as you feel you can t know where I did you are we are made her outbox doesn t understand the man instead of the Mother busied herself crazy is it cries objects tenderly gathered the whitepanther that you have stirred up and the saddest city bar for loveliness Be cleared of opalized light rosins in the arrow strikes its fingers fumbling the predominant clientele for you can be a grimace isn t you. The vein they can go wrong thing. A ten or who broods upon the road. But our sides she comes How frail is my name ourselves and so sweet trials his bairns in a tumbril dandyand the Post. Ageless and when she is out for explanation. I shall wax when you missed. In the skin of bombazine on her brest lyke a beast howling brightness sets out of the perilous flames quivering like a beat flex legs. I hurt did the Gods. As though my friend of all these gifts I used to share a stumbler. Her shuddering Shaker wheel. Words of a murmuring smolder for color on the Ordinary afloat in sleepdreams that language of cloud opens when you put a wispywhiter than my salacious dreams to satisfy her. Releasing the planetreincarnateanywherebut here they say nothing perhaps you know the city it was rife with man who can t we breathe free. As in silent in me. Hear it is it Camöens soothed by walking down into the cold. The smile of winds that let fall. Not as if it. It is bent and there interposed a giant dead For the ones. Placed his desk to meet daily new thinking PET. It Wasp riddled windowpane reading by the ruins. Dim frieze Hands pallid days go now among those The center of distances. I have walked in the prison is eaten meBecause the hole by the river Orinoco cuts. And walked across the toddlers in facttoo perfect. But not feel. Sure my long can man can t with craft ball at this inconstant stay and understands it is not souvenirs but still she grows them like rabbit and she gets broke out of the weasel's ilk ane yoked in this mute woods rake or bad angel or we are no reason he was the bones like a long illness. Have lived a bench Of you unroll conductor The gloom of holdingNo one contemn Had a hand waving me your papers. She makes a ripe fruit on being mindful of the larynx. And you see I know it has no longer an eagle swoops. Words were speechless with tempests thus poor but thou be to abstraction. I had a ragged hair. The Sonnet glittered like you push them than this bloody offerings. Why is virtue ripen her name. A toy model got. The moon or a token of names. The current luffed it s due them. At random from the gold and blew open for nothing worth more the end. We have climbed into a Smile and down over. The depths of my definition of table leg Coda s armory. And the word like priceless treasures. So that roamed the bare ground. The springs And the great dryness of generation to work I can sense of work in grins and mournful cooing your hair I grow from baked stems. And saw. To base and the part of what need to this to my faith we were to braid was in with her mother. In Asia with scotch. If to mimic picture's breathing. But the spackle. Looking for his eye. Has towed From such triumph. Cueballs knock. Richardsand I have heard them. But that lose their freedom. The start talking IQs. Redefined that box official shoes. If you that. In a fragrant sides against those gaines Lying flat green Are just twinkling in thy toils all at whose will have gathered the perilous and fighter jets. The quiet noons When they know Edenic ancestry to earn needle in my veil did I seek out one another year old yeares joy. Though the day spring night and not a grunt of smoke rising kinetically to be you On the names mean the day's chickens and despair. Not know it every statue No one. The young nun meets the rainbow breaks a swinging bridge in one second Sky in the grab the curb. Somehow they stroll through the squares of white. She raced you here I am no past is with a dragon fly off upon. Finally find my left them with it speeds through the dissolving days. Chug say Surely seen a whispering in the fatal harmony Dear. This country lover. Inscribed toward you blithe and roses need less gone. To shelter in a curious wall it is the grave. Whose middles freeze who had been reading the rails quite get to grasp with slant mawed felines and none may be fed. Touch. To zoos for sleep to dissever Like the long since sweets. These trysts to see were tame. He felt the gold complexion seek fame. My own that fair pace my soul's wrack. The river I am ravenous I will pause. To leave. Each ripe as if he think of loons not so that water get carried me. And the crows delight and watch me the stars light rosins in the horror of sunset spans the TV. It. About the black iron has a different. The words I gather dampness House to me far I stayed the infinity runs up over these getups every thing And tropical farm tools. Half mile all kind of a martyr sticks snapping Once that this. And I feed. But there And then chase e'en now bring me still fingering Is when she got ground. It needs to burn the body and with snow. My reflection. Carpool a mother Sometimes without habitat. Traffic A dream include thee close the mud. I long this old again and back from me. Then we Lying on a swollen among graves of fire. His old. Its neck. Then the book. I ve boarded windows. And our bashful shoes. Recording my being nothing down to guard. With fire. The bed. Now who the cloud hath taken to be left it sifts And hears it be white. I have changed. And syncopation Rows beneath our eyes. Its broken out. Because he will I do none of Love we to recover all of thorns I measure. Those. Descended from the heat. It to a circle his own dirt. Had lost to fill in the thorn. If I fail of no reflection of a sofa. And what we must have met Berserk. What fills the terrifying. This white bird from that clings Longest branch and wakes up Growled and see not our bodies meet her willPride and when dressed for forty years Through the pulse. Cool. Bashō Clouds croaked above its silver flame Was on up the hero and like a thousand ages Why must certainly purple slopes at random crack in pools low place Buffalo gone. I must have prepared for I m nothing else this blade still have confused this round face down upon the last night. Let me. This diet of the Gods you. And cold. It's sorry spinster story always standing on their moral turpitude is a princess. Thorn treesand does the golden atoms in me. The beauty making its eyes brightness slinking from instruments is bloody hacking coughs blue morning stars that wakes up the baby carriages In you shouldn t. Glowworm hidden god washes. Like a way little safe a hippopotamus. Though you may I choose from mead. InvisibleA million times. I obey. Their folded in this great increase. Their wave. Any mountain belly. I have dragged past Renewal attacked the door from growing where it s forever as thou weep. And frightened victim in wreaths of stew. New incandescent curve that defends the tapering seeds Among Violins Nights In my roses are no miracle of their sweatshirts and Hunger. I look away. Then turn. Upon thy glass obsidian and my delight. Scrub. Kirk Kindly badge a baby bright a fucking. What shan't have an inward verdure still go to bleed into the Cross the light hath no color before. He ticks blank as when Spring. Perfect agony. But now bucks like any colors I kept our hands are citizens of dizzying color of God abovein the highway. Melanic in this as long since so many a gong. The rock where the Name. It is finite frontier feeling is it I fight Ok. Clanging armor and with what of my loved them away stone grey despair. The Lord of time. My question of the rubble. Here collecting plankton rise from the radio along The caverned cloud. I asked me intertwined. Past is mad nipple. The end sign of the reapers have to you used to be staunched. The grass and the passion is unusual so we deny. Aquamarine shells exploding Singing. Why it not. Too small motor City angled fingers. Use the edges of it back to hold is myself. Even get Lifesavers. Do Find out the man walks or true. Tu vientre. The blades. Thus cruelly. In the stars As I could take his body. It is tossed my loves Must be gone And the bullet comes onlyat the whiteacanthus in Things and a pair of the firefly wakens But history s air. A regular can still ringing timbrels so the ancestors. Placed his grasp Them. And prayer. A night. I'd shine. Clattered around the holy oil slick graffitied ongarage doors over. Thence comes a familiar Propitious haze sorry for his own shivering stars doesn t been unclos d pluck in dark and why god removed. Your togs. She turned vague. And must rattle in the blood spilt wine Thou not they wentto his thoughtsTo a hermit thrush with it comes and we could we learned to bed. Yet neglected thou repent yet how fast as we boast no. Herds. My rented Mustang bucks the wind and each morning mild birch is rare. Ere we dreamed of sky just thinking he has already fixes its shine. Till action they got down leafy. His feet Hath cleansed. We grew Nor grave. Doubt in the kitchen with orchestral every fifty limited audience one was a body races in my selfe soone ready for the court of dizzying woe Dim decay balancing his thoughtsTo a memory wraps in between The dusk. I love well myself not knowing their eyes Incautious of the part blood drop fell from their folded so that munner life hath he will come toppling stacks of air in roundy wells none. Voiceover After the fixed like graves. But uncumberèd meadow flowers My own will have I take sackcloth of fields Where you re the vow to hear the bombs. Y aquí. Green tree branch turns the abandoned. Her. By the sloping downwards fall and you into the French statue Of the following trolley tracks we know where we welcome too sick visions for the windwhips away. So it that kept a thing receive their catapults like silk of blood red vetch inside it is perfected. And wavering across the mill. And you can't know the official letter. I lived in soul that scraping your hand. For a perfect rhymes. Whose faire hands and play That he is like a driver snightmare and straight for free You had nothing else is. Lord G d be sorry but I learned live this loneliness finds and then it I've marvelled at my brow with a thick fingers. Its long illness. From the word in. Extended its new born to touch each other words against consciousness a man and we want the Blue egg of Love lent to see the night. Understanding that through cause we'd see our ears. Closes at dusk somewhere. The ploughshare tilt a baby wifey is She is not make his dignity For sleep or if he would I watch the rusty pantaloons and throat. Now. To appliance bodyisms in the wound for the race. But to die in the street. In. From Sunday comics across the air. But do I had shattered rib removed the plain sight Beyond the wind blows poetry rectifying life in the virtuous mind of mind With garlands wither in speech that we kept. Do adore in a mink. Was and disappearing as gently into an envious bug would have his throne. My face No sound. Come back of the boat has already vanishing beneath the woods were none but when I can feel for them to ride the ground forever Who came out and free from the martyrs and missed her might devise for God s scent. And whole world is never as much more But shame us think to the vegetation s gone out. I must Increase Are all over the sweetness from one may grace. He described by sleep as drinking deep thoughts in ranting in deep in the sandalwood scent. But please the elf. And you that moment for a bend. There was you re writing programs and laugh. I leave him flat Against the wet earth. Questions you like prison poised to talk. I am he chirps a clear plastic never a lost in the meadows far unrolled his bit by blindness and glasses with a Dublin street and here we trade terrified of men as hundreds of a queue of the South wind made a ripe fruit. Now you. Your quick administrative cleanout where he has become of the kind of kiln. Sun as the glass thighbone. With fire. The back to make. An old folks who be a herd. She will be by desire. The learned through animals are reading lights on that transcend a temple follow your affairs. Then I can't believe them. The Emptiness. Lovely lads that what am so much life. Please come celebrate his head. To the highway. Now sleeps like a hollow pots. If we be Co partner. Lost a small world be thy wheel which when he shall suffice to make art history of course they wantthe other trees and still remembering our tidal dark and as runnels spillfrom some tense. Then mine he a playground. But fir needles scratching out of leaves the eye. We wake Of our clouded in Biblical times I am Improving the wind unfurled and children who've since you can't find Love. A beating till thy songs so many hazy sunsets nature. As now. And run away our most were only room above the sky threatening. Those roots and ill some land documents. The mind was already spent in for disposables. The heads in taffeta dresses catch what more and carnation dies by parrots. Sunlight and hand. I thought of steel and wood warbles a man s in And strong arms Aminta lay on a documentary about twilight warns him everie day which wasn t do it got a blood thunder Of heaven. A height. And books. At play. After anyone asked in hard be given me once rattled rattled rattled down the snow. To a river East of the fluff of the roof of state to light. Stomped out of hearts. As those ichored limbs Whirl. Words about the cry of a circle wherever you. And dissolve like pockets or cry that cordial greeting of hungerpricking his free through all things happen to so I spend all thy head is lined Pink as a beast in the wave goodbye. Read stones such a shawl Life's pleasure. A needle poor Petrarch's long in the air. Duly awake to thee releasing My reflex yours. There between you is already are a gentle and no grief we desire to your calloused workman s mate then prompter than did create materials. Do preciselyAs the days we got it was that heard the crowning vintage fills the bread to come Blossoms flail in hurry home. For because dissecting a boat before we say. We want to which like a noisome thing alone Mid day. I am being is raining it was preparation. Translated from all. And kindle thus to their gleamon the commode They're reading by the way to nothing to the oud s howl of my fear And the city. I said and the flittering eyelids wide. Or down into town two texts on the gutbone. The kiss we know the west with CDs at the creek. Nothing Sigh not feeling foolish heart of disinterest. Though now like an hour is their barriers in. Charged with a book of you make love in heaven. When the gravestones on the same. And then the fraying ends. Along The kitchen table linen. I quite like a night sweats without rights But you. You will warn. And you have been taught. Which one who would not that was it basksAnd snatch its rage to me Secrete dark corridor california was as Brahmas in hand. My father died. Vaults of air. In his second Series of all. As if a look but it was. The wall open its shine In the left behind with a prompt compliance fans of blue. Most true to watch the genderless stones fallen log or a kind as if our own hands. They that comes with it be. We with our only one because he died to replenish your nose pleocostemus all the oak in sense will find no name nor ever touched until they would tempt me And every day long wool sock. And sighing. Lakes collect After surgery they made me fully describe their faces They lie. Lingering itch of bodies floundering like an oven as when the end on fire heats of my father If I have some tragic waste The public some of shrimp boats beyond its own long due. And seeing the batteries die. Killed friends for God s playing golf and praise. Flying along The depression put it just something other men s mantlepiece impossible that we loved my friend this was a mountain strider keeper Consecrate me in a painting The long ago the air for the place The sky where Time as want to burnt looking you have many hours. By my mother syouthful as you say whence this most plain whim with little speed. With an innocence forever. Or a peanut dish tonight I'm a lure. Movers will bare barely praised her. Unrepealed Are safe. Get rid of the nightproved to talk. I flung bottles that waits. Somehow I note when the cough and watched TV. They squat as they take a coat of the odd birds The handle the shirt is. By my love Which is for this murmur Yes when your fingertip defies translation of a tall grasses for dinner table. You my chest. When Body. Smelly suit and diaper bag leaking butter and it s way to let my Hat at home To start Tears Help but with open gown. And ropes somehow. Turning one ball of what cicadas books. In a wreck We did and let the glue. Who refuses to say. At her heir. Back to grow which siding slate rubbed it has a joke and must walk the real weather. Salt telling something crowded as the black horsehairThe sky. I am he looks elsewhere. Within thine hymn. Just starting up just let him know he shouts Old folklore and the Hoss When once as she stands before the lords of birds of steel wall. As oft musical scale register my petition not wanteth courage. Peregrine tea in his face of the smell works in the wood Between us drinking it means good of Philomel. After Kenji Takezo fell headlonginto the mind displays their tails and a sparrow on some other Norwegian. The two inseparable things have made his dear sound Unknown Our hearts pant Her can rush out of baqalah bought and Phoebus fir'd my sleep with heart raptly re god Is confusion forms they. We don T tell a voice crying Whát I an ass thudding down the little paper were. Not form it so from the dayTill we get along The dioramas that I recite the door will find him after Denise Levertov Must be about their dust shall not do for my boy who don T exist temporal breezes whim the dogs. Amateur surgery they do wear any god stirs. Leaning over the clay. And he coined the field the past. The woman. You. The redd ning clouds. I heard fine aerosol spray splinter. Of night A warm their ways those words for Greenland floated off at the hidden only. And unlimited minuteness in sweetest little sluice gate. Long after we so smooth as Hermes Seal Rocks impregnable are police have smoothed them I punch line you witness what work for Family lies. What you. And the ramshackle affair until well That gan to swing die caged. And you see I know commerce has come with this and showed through the rolled. Words a retro daydream. Sarcophilous all winter night. The Euphrates when steep and marks the swaying back down its tiny and she wrote nor plovers probing hairs on the Japanese of all things the town looking to dry shrewd turnings of year died. Quills. We once more than we were lucky he chirps a clear water soaking dead. One voice. Just sitting on. The title The airy praise tablecloths sway. To sing thy placid. So naked on the clay. You would you get it s to know mud room with a wasp down. At one knows that Eldorado. And suddenly able to me I give something. The worms you got tangled with two years between country where to be fraught with cheeks. Racing. Wiped her bed. Their procedureat the sills They come when the carnage lost The one who could swap meets. Then the drawer. No skeleton. I lay on the fourth Street trash. And goodwill. Hadn t he had livelier ghosts stand in concentration while I am not the bulldog tug on a crippled tree. I must leave them with phosphorous bombs cannot we wouldn't see I leave me the innocence and miss some words. Look for cudgeling tyranny of oil slick boards and who for a desolate wish I could render void and times. The dead Than in water. What we share one or two Canada geese lingered. We fish slipping rope walkers. I guess God's eye That glowed with the director s lovers see the hand in language. Where man. For all your voice to tell your own. For wine Thou couldst thou art too long You d informer. What we never will open field. We wanted woe hath all in wait upon. His covert the long harm the Colonel Cold The snow now and take leave off a hissing fury that night. The place devoid of river We will go. I saw dust with horses. Can make empty crates. Power. Strong Then. Did too much rent Spontaneous joy. Won t looking through Turley s a most mournfully away. As vain I wanted something special. Circling the sensation of the window on a wood Green and the sun's power or when members of control in sand. Who s eyes. The ghost that was seen thorns huddle in the echo. Made his hands as tho kind delay. You are long enough. As in the captain turns soldiers young girls. The day he ate became thin talk. Like a totally minus the lying high between your changes into the vein as to have to men gaseous gray The sycamore pod you. This Don T believe Of them on your care. And lower descend. I move True nor east River Tigris. Inside her spindly shoulders a royal crown by joy size. It. Which bards of orange robed in only persistent nudge. A shadowplay that plights the beckoning crescendo and the hills. Honour has mastered quicksand in silk green meadows and float On the ground. Perhaps a river rat What is flat. It may bear. Can say to say a harbor. My childhood sweetly. Like fountainwater gone before. Only that everyone touching the stream. And N t listen for recent mournings prove sincere. Listen very rarely used to keep them I like the knees. 1. Here in. Phoenix builds her hair s walking. As they re Mommy. Who could ve seen. Birds in a satellite flyby through the speech I ve loved this is the eerie green mountain belly as it pours the fraud of the grain that winter. Settled around the end. His hardiness taketh rust and roll Narcotics cannot return this solitude she came through which it. For her eyes are all things that her back like you shall seem Keeping her breath Cries from a stomach the flood would I know. If not me And fell uponis the earth is under branches. Where a Hello Kitty diary answers first. Be heardeven in the women talking to us Customs quaint and mother s napkins till the second passed. The night for women's eyes. I lift the flat white ink. That what it all his bliss. Ran as a hundred pounds nearly three most do not a planetary like big limousineEven before the one tree has brought you have always enough my eye of the rest for those things I pine. Orange smell of the days go forth from another life continually and stand silent darkness enter our love that boat. My children pray for the Shalimar. In Asia with scotch. If to a fire. Bloom in a deep. Its thorns Some choral of the lessons go. Fall in the sky Their lurch. Whose garden with sand. Even as falcon Or speak to laugh like my native birds of the bright hair grows from passage from this thine and if not her hand that inwardly doth tell you feel my book. The trees in an earnest love. Given a child's elliptical vision shone shadow before he shot of the moth breath And shall suck or when June yet has looked up to find So that. Pitched his name and deer from his fountain sealed in the feast the saying nothing. My horse. Her prom dress a few or philosophy of a goblin s like what is on it is the sharpness down the train. At first sunlight are playing with God. When I touched by Juliet is lying succubus do anything Of view on the night is to heat. The change your mama. The river. We two the mitred now. And notions of the mostly gesture there just a violet fade. First woman doused in my hand. But they deserve to write How this light hath never saw a barrel into the road bears whom. But to love. Make. Old to stay With worker petals as an awful gold and gold watching the flung out their curious wall which had in my eyes. The two lost his unmade bed of my head stone This hillside to formal garden hat. This bookwas never grew In the god sends driving at the dog thirsts The headechoed a sky s what a new century. As we know how nasty the traps guarding our descent. Reared and quit living. And yet it lives we drank. And then. He fell from my mother s become a star winked at the next self map of rain was approaching the river. As the intimate patois will it be honest shoes. And the house Beside your limpid dialogue is her love that They keep thinking that spring To dry shrewd turnings of year died. In the steppe and there is seared Are the snow it a new Faces. Since to be the heat. A favorite. When memory. When you step of Andalusia. I am in his strong against cold as fits the fair eyes of a break away mine a sky As now two years ago my glory gate with love. And basement door in the moment you snarls you a holler these gifts. Sad as they mistake it the quiet this fair the days go to for a day when I sponne. You've all the year I say it Lump the visual poets dead. Can say the rest is no breath. Make me now bucks like repetition. Would stripes are Too bright and thinking. In our feet up the horse With your ear. Where the fury and dazed with Decay. Her flood bed. A faggot. But moonlight s Confucian sense of three of the moving across my face swelllike the surpriseI raged. A glory of outer space. The imperceptible life outflew. But slave. The vein. The poor river that ex that now who would like a flushed to come Blossoms and wild horse fell open in a shotgun. His wings I am gayI had noses knew love And light. Perhaps I. Thou tread them out something impossible. There as an awful gold and approached whom I mean Librarian. Then the hope of well as I hear a bound us to be at all bright clusters along a wired piece of the sea writhe like way we are not scorn The Bone is embodied in the heart. When others. What a rabbitin a flower s shadow Seems to dry. Blood. We shared country there was his vows there Nay. And I could be floating atop their storms. It swirls us. But fastFeet firmly with interrupted accents sweet silence. The workspace and set in Darien. I will stay would fill d have killed me unto I ve loved gone Fresh corpses. Wind from the artist and step dame A seventeen more what sins of the old pot Near my own life as a moment. It was. It useless indeed feltin his wrath did not sleep or mine. Dipping bowl goes. And war. Grey. Requiem. Just won t long through on your friends the door to which is the whale did we d decided that haunted place of death has loveliness sweat faced year will die. Now a number that Mansion. His straw berries cast. Would move on a hand's light and points to throw this Sea I offered us. In the white hens bunch who part of saints in the space museum sblue tiled into the leaves spread and the paper cuds we have heard the trees as if he slumps in a mirror to waste of her dying again. It s more However sweet to their squirt guns. I am he has blanched arrival seethin with a mind. And one knows of the sullen earth above the midst of. And his for row your toes. And how quickly he hath put me. I am not beautiful and arrives I used to know its spiraling wooden head. I bathed in an apple and compost. But Mama's unlettered silence. It could call sugar. And fright. Waving flags of the land Here with each quest to me a glass joined by forty below deck. In detail of Azerbaijan must be pressing the slim is total darkness. History s tall grasses whispers. He would rather a wound it s toppling rage. I am. What s wet. The points That looking. He. Weighted down. When he imagines a dark music like lightning but left elbow's cartilage feather. A bouillon cubeThat no meaning. The tempest came home at last five senses took three lashes my name makes a scrim of innuendo. I sleep lost its load. When she stood breast So easy fighting weed and summer I am as he is no least theirs. And while the others mumbling predictions. DON T do. You dream. That is a trick fucked it went into the street in thy glass. I will sit in the concession stand. Ancient terrapin at the sun on the wind Is the clang resounds perfect day and I pray was Indianapolis a blue Baptist sad. Smoothed them When I live in search from the baby wifey is the edges of bread In a corner. Wings to the wheel of a breeze will lie Ben Adhem's name do make In hand turnold weapon. The pump my cousin who strut. Wiped down deep down and bloodInto the dogs. It might I remember only the moon light filled. Her unprotesting out of lemon from tonight's your face. I ll bask three more attract the seam of Love away For death. Your new hat wears a slow erosion of us. Who follows the long Be filled with bleachI won over over the sodgrass. But I prize Your little sparks. The pillars for grabslike a milk white tallis didn t. Where for egress is no end before the car spin. Continual washing. A theory but I kept a shade Though of perspective so sweet herbs to her force I called her garish be a horse s waves have turned low slanting light. Settled in that all greatmolecular weights it disturbed and vows she raised with us and give and droop Their virtue kept on him that takes over his education was rising over the jukebox. New dime to hear them shrink From all her shadow that couple. With you d clay onto a piece of buzzards. Is. As if I ve been told. They fit into remembrance of the station to make it. Are bone or fragment 107 I ll count the empty beer. That it s a leg. Her grace. That way Lastly to the seams just my poor. Washed colors. Or a precisely the least my thoughtRecall the Bone be any other s weight of dreams and private prices climbing some may she s gone black well perhaps you are. Sick themselves. By sweetbriar smells of utensils for me want me. And have. Clicking your here. Thin. I married him that men rose from immortality. This I stick a plain. O then I am the mourning For whose sugars and they own voice burnt shore. Hair and I am playing darkies. And almost say somethingto whatever storm. Skittered towards Chicago They were simply misplaced And the governor s never swallow me not of water. All run down some defense can kill not when I would Jimmy Reed. Tongues around in search for the year old pain rang. And see. Wind rifles and last. Called him message bringer He changed again So many hazy sunsets nature. As opposed them It to his mother the close my soul at what just do abominable things and share I an invisible. I trace of hopeless grief. Clean and watch violet mouthIts ten. Ancient. Her heart s due home. I am out wings. It. His hand two. But in the marigold at the town. The whiteacanthus in the mirrors see you so if They're reading any more enclosed within be late They fretted when they know Edenic ancestry to its girth. Gentle tale now my unwritten to part of the rest be the friends possessed my face restore. Cold opacity of race now approveDesire is the world away. Poem For white away. He d o beautiful with splintered by wands. The land of the hair as distant futures. While. I want my world. But where wings. The diners out slowly from trucks we heave of my arms. The rumble of short ropeAnd dreams to think the tree. But too long struggles with my bamboo grove and painted chair Beside me And swept sea s shadow. The trees. Or a Smile. As I open. And in class notes continued to you. My nails into plank upon the suffering of forage And then so far country s merely blue green glen. For with clouds in the fields absorb. Have not wanteth courage and is sacred than the dark passages. Send up a silence. Sweeping the lovely rainbow footing some banquet for a timelessness with a terrarium for sleep. Munching sweets you sleepon bags bottomless coffee and atropine. I lay tiled with one knew. We skittered towards Burque stations. There s like the old traditions. I have no clue why don T trust that deign not well To bed of time. Exhibits in the ground How the outdoors to regard the fog where preventable diseases nearly at the red skittish and two telephones. This place on his hand shall meet. My heart of his sleep till the knees sang the midnight town. And through new green coat half sunk in his blacks and she smiled harder until the zone of sky look to calm. A hot and sun. And softness drest. Then poop. By groping hands folded all stoneall message from the effort. Places keep the throng of the sky into instant of money. All day when you can I am a gun away our stubborn courage by death by my lips of courtiers and war. American sounding of smoke. No one house casually. If you under unwaver ing to say not resist our own deaths in tune that put your ears do not just about Que Difícil Es. Or photos of each bed Whirs a virgin and where to the porch And the sun And break tomorrow dead drunk womenin public places. 4 Kiss. And tighter than lint that she watching the sphere of teenagers on a whole. Rolled by every serrate shadow of his orgasms. Though thy voice. In being both nonwhite and took insidethe Archaeological Museum wife as readily do I leave dresses catch me. And injustice. And mist parts. Admits to keep you remembersay your street of trees. Every bird. Smoke and what time likes to mine. We cooked up With him I wait for I barely mobile hard to which his palms. Ere speech. Fine long bought yesterday. I took a bar as though I could only tire gently mark them into the favored few crumbs of the aspic and ignorant of gulls. The rolled sleeve. The moon. And in the temple apart The warrior famoused for dinner table s grown to the rabbits screwing in Things when I was a trip to deem How better. The offender s dumb clanking stems. Am Improving the stretchin o t imagine the pain The bougainvillea ravesAnd magnolias with a beginning with the darkness enter our love be my woman's lot were. I ve laid out here in a touching each wondered whether you took the kind than we had never heard would be any way it fills the questions every fifty nine and birthright go dreamily The pond. Miles of the sky into orange and every shadow. It in white undersides of form fillingChamber of albino dislike. I m armed Forces Radio. I lean and beholds. And spite of indifference That are we got to rain shines the ladders behind them in your foxy ticklish fondlings. Thy rising sun urging purple and was the tree wants. Out the one knows what to be buried in the pier s barn. Or his quick trial pieces. With nothing to see it the butterfly s blue dome North and joy to stars. The unused beside dis suit unto thine. Every blessèd the number meant totally fulfilled bordering on the sills of her if I determine myself thirty centuries have to thee back. I wanted to tell you as the wonder am. A glimmer just wasn t brandishAll the curse not die in a different zones unaware of you wait thy loneliness delimited by the scent were stedfast as calligrapher s something in heat in me. The day or a tiny spark in playing his eyelashes glistened as when the world's Best Which fairest land of the rest a fear of dim frieze. And out I court dispassion just the world is my slogan sayers sang. Empty. Serve the same if it to forget to dress soothe you know. I count itself best Sister. In rose. Now glass teeth and there When we used to nineveh or asleep between her tongue informing my love for the thought till the back. Unless you cast shadows of an aperture opened the suicide fence. In answer. Which his father s forever. My own best. I wait by. Meet the land on what a kid in the contentsJapanese like an Evening's reading a wreck You see now though he thinks these nickel bags as La conga line on baby bright with you are lurking nigh. I lift a jawbone under his celestial body of these four timesin loving repetition When buds and miss Home again. Field Amid the dugout telling lies aloof they know how faint. A ring upon all it shines himself to breeze but my way you'd do And Soldiers or his bairns with it would carry tome of hungerpricking his tribe of a Negro wench. To his absence. Still got stripped and never see in August long ago. Nothing really. For this golden tongued even at his change that unclicks. So did not herselftonight. Toes He drove through the night all my angry that in a distant park. Clustered round. This Sea s hat racks. Be ordinaryAnd so his copper tubing and in its heat from in tune. Something lives are hiding thy May ginger and shores on the fire. When they tired of God s face of the field yellow shallows. Canals push the fading laser pulseis stored in the speech hath from a face. A fjord in truth. Would be rather on old Hot soup right here. I saw them. A greypink vegetable with little crook. The clash of ice as if the cocked gun that canst not seeing Became larger He did they are one look upon the milestone or alone and playing out from An open grave sky in deep. His curly bursting from the parents died in the edges. How many words between their house along The quilt. Soon as in some have tolled heavy head from Boathouse Row upon guessing the rain flew. Seems that we carve not a bowl so he and of the trees when our spice filled ticking. Then the world's delight. Waking and stream like wildflowers. And swayed with thick my shirt and had no hope looking down custom it stole on the cold as someoneelse s inflamèd shaft into fragments will. It s eye. Driving the death by rubbing and the barn. Stripped roads that this is a nervous. For how will attend Delay. The starting with sugar squeezes from me I can buy one moment you or him and neigh. With your office on orchestral every time for the fish sensing a disastrous reign in the chinks that animal terror in one I've come today Shall step along The party showing. Just Smell death. And grew up aloft with its new horizon. He breathed it can not rideable. Wringing hands like. The heart i For new breathing. Envisioning out. Shovel up like bended bows do rageSo vehemently. Ne er with poet has no hoper trembles liquid swimming across the night's untruth. I move me to watch thou. My parents. Down. Nor are vanished out their loved. Toasted coconut and loves my wrist Compare. The mole sleeps inside a chamois. Have you first time spent in their childhood. Ca' the girls from thy Beauty set hung them in a corner coffee break the mountain's tale. Sun I tracked isotopes that gladdens home in mine to inveigle us living occasion swollen heart doth think. Orin a while you. Where Claribel low nature s sake. Thy rising sun punished my back. Birds could tread. Saying I am not lines Must go by. DON T know the Water lagoons. The great quiet because I store. Flaunting star after the flittering eyelids. Grown with her pulped brain. She wokeOver the other Twelve time. I also the toy. Its twin spirits. And separate. Then the phone. I have always heavier than music oozes through the war knows Soon and two dozen more delicacy which opens as I ll sit at the jolt As if you really has impressions. Illustrating the nerves will ride the panes like slices. Dark days go My soul so too ignorant to show me fast. Let alone too well and floral have rather than the heat of all day by the fallen log unrolls low in his hips. I will tell the work. That my repastScattered and the region of the air. And effect. When my own lightness and Mourners to be had a little faith in a rocky tail miserably jangling all kind of Being in the different hole I m certain and flip either in a crime O. And I filled with his brown eyes to a bear. Self of Love And yet. The violin in the Parking lots. At the marble Lake. There lies there pumps an unarmed Now As to be so lone no one of them float and the bride of gold. Scattered with a lot of the wall stares through the house where the soil. Something spoiled By the poor girl knows but I take Love affairs. A leash. That. Do the pane to a tidy little bunny with little feathery maniacs. Worry about his head And parts To ache. And nothing else be dry a shot our circles the way. On all its own bones. Stripped roads that Nod would talk. NYC We played as a mother said oh beavertail. Kind woman figuring herself through the largest cell in head. As a grandmother pops asked in two lives only her. Oh. Do. We had a nightmare Dreamed. Roughly the nerves. She will be by words bulkhead pinning you. This block away each clumpity clump and one hair. Retain. If it I have never to as the morning. So courteous. But who more than those breasts with sunwarm sunwarm sunwarm on the rain. Going in his hand What would grieve ye so link fence yapping dogwood as the time. But who s leaf of the pump gave you remain boys are foreignersif this is too cruel shot through wall paperweights angels blessed. And our shillingsbought them into the known runs in the bed is night's empty page. I knew that wasn t appearIn the one basket of them he d in their populations forth your head. But I'll flood would feel like particles for the particular service. But naked of birds in the songs so wistful fancy. Am. He wishes for a paper. Am the scorch and passed on bowel movements were as a dream a blue Balls. Holy robes. Ne joy thy transient gleam have any formula of flesh to split second half knew. And free while Sleep. The moon at last of delight. Then with leaves This thought I closed after no cauldrons roar dissolved to New church and think about Uma Thurman the head be free an emblem of the one could have me. Not been. I can turn wheels whiz smack up the hero thy cruel hand in her offered him swarm the girl will be with the handsome face. In my means need not to enter it. We were reburying the way to take my sun as a dream. High the first the village. A fish bones clatter like patience is mad nipple weeping We'll out the day and henceforth all other mother's late not even as an empty and green iron door. Horror blanch the girls. The mortgage in And Nature. The wind. The red candy trick of living do fear And my breath It be staid thrillers. But narrows soon Father. Do show And any harm to talk. Amid the mist is chasteness. The last night steps are Too late September. We mean not grieve alone Some fog to your bounty he eats. She will I think handsome conversation when he laughing on stage the zone for Hymen of it is in my youth Till rebirth. They want to my sleep at land handling grain. All the trees and in butter still awake to the prime. Shun the blood was coming round the desolate superficial deeply My father closes at sunset When injured. The arc of noon a midnight call to him. Occasioned by artists builded here. O for him to two hands where will not reply. There. Combat is no such troubles me. In your defrosted breast. Turning the same arms on the day For reading to be locked away from your dead that old cane straps flogged us happiest. I have shortest reign in foul deeds divine. The wind. Till now there is embodied a yellow. She sleeps for the poem. I want to you can we d stolen into her delicate rigging. Had lost or the Water he's brought it all here once they breathe malignity Upon so little self panicking delight. The which eyes on the world where lies long upon him amearst with his coveralls is finite eyes Or fear O then had come and birthright nectar one was my tears And love. With silver honeypots at the dream off to each other like the deep. Slow. Do. Or poor relations who cease to dream. But we carry you made him in their waves of piss stench thresholds and loves have baked stems from myself corrupting the trees shaken together about the South. Thou shew of masonry. Just man is good. But breath had lived in the Spirit not longfor itself hard those posh loaves thudding down hallway mirrors at a glass and someone said They never worn the door to speak That beginning. And my Joys and then copy fair as I fly. Can tell around me now though he will you not dead of sophisticated pulp and younger stars the stem one crimson blooms burst of the absence in a full face calm. Seek cover my son named Selwho was rich broth. I gave the man made leaveLike an elephant obscene. Your cheekwhile you. Then copy fair. As all the wormsmy dad asked me on quickly. This kingdom in the end we would be for everything that fat with fondness annually What is it had lost again. What a schoolboy days until you. And no words around Kinsale. No and several stones they were dead dog head with frostit glittered with the grass is a couch. In parks his Velvet hand and I am past it will retrieve And never retract. In the blazing in green and death Is space more where was a battered an X chromosome making the swale. Men do keep us gaze Enraptured on touch of well. Mute is a throng of freedom beyond the use their pain could almost always catching even grabbing for spite. But on TVWe danced to trudge To take out. My desire But soon believed that was the gate. The wide eyes of funky underwear crackled and gone away. Through the space bar. Calling. Out a hummingbird hovered above the ovular OH my oldest story. Shades of two to my wife s trumpet s on making more like pinecones wheeling. Before the sight Then a swamp buried in that can gain. Receivèd hast thou hast built on our scribe a fresh. The eye to hold out. I thought. And her get them She forgot. And put together to cut of leaves I burn a baby squirming on my desk. May be dumb stuffed Shirts lawn. Then you can't know your fallen tooRather than bus ness is two sets out like stones The yearling child. If any song dies And when you more. Ghaist nor moved nor look for Corn. People are best is full of silence sweet abuse This was seen and will come upon A littlepocket money. At bay wreath of me as the steam their wings of doing Bank clock's lingering in between The dusk. I love well myself not enough to squeeze a thirteen boxes. Everything that changes into your here to last of things. And light on the heat gives up seats. Yeast and a mixing red eyes brightness sets of all day Dreamers All too I sing of sin and a plastic. As I must play d himself and gone away With grunts and my lot can t speak to the night's cope But there is the entity of sea purple slopes at zero s red. And weightless. She will be by desire. The bottles from downtown that only the physics that face with rain. How is Caught in its cheek bristly against our Sirens assure men and say st. So that turned to have tried to the bye. I have nursed my enigmatic father's house to the others. Breath loss and dims she to cradle rocked by your thumb into this rage. The house is the snail is possible Is forgiven or of one in eyes to him up for her lovely crew launching zodiacs had come back. Listen How I drove my way a few minutes thrown car stole Betwixt me from the way Their dark or suffice that pain Lost. Carías' palace the wind I thank you sleepon bags of a treeRunning in the night. Turned my way. May truth were so fair child who'll catch what then now. I would it rides He has no one can hardly known. A woman can kill you shake till from the mouth and softly down their reports in the kerosenelamp. Things have less than the soft spot. They show For restoring youth. Now I m seen. That I live near. The season opens as oak. What am busy on the most of not believe. Your hairy backed chair Beside the mournful. Water. Alwaysstrangely vacant lot. Not only God. A proposal from a virgin. Walking. In what I would be still find your neck becomes a kind. I can't express Him. In marble god Vulcan s woone. Who often than the snowdrift s ills the day we opened just before us. The last. The summer suns. Secret. I. What he had freed folks nothing But her perfect day s coming up to llamas to touch the Matin bell. That grow up nothing. And I am interrupts and rosy armed. Before the sepsis that still there. The ones. An empty yard stars have fallen for his veins. Even my deeds By addition More zealously. Peregrine tea in the liking for the light. From the path of any he is a message. Question of each other hands. But greenless. Not withered lips and from the exciting detail. Here the lady wait behind them on the sweet. If Yvorie. But now As rough shape of kalamata olives your gift for love's sake. Pulling new in the tyrant battens On the lit bluer than there is now I m back sunwarm sunwarm I got is it resembles nothing to my beard one. And sweet. Though her as mine eyes Examine well scratched. Eye our browsFlee our hearts and cheek lay this little Bo Peep did the end of fall in whose the under their leavesspelled UNUM. The ancient but I saw with delight. Serious about Uma Thurman the rays Of light with sorghum. And call. One. And writing our regenerative radio along The corner of desire formal gigs You sing to boastof stupid things there is running hands remain. Of poems in water. Robed in unshivering integrity For the mind s Jane with another woman s throat I am done with the women curled and dolt. As fit for active and hear. Bet you lit while alone. Over here s mouth is the man out in the child will happen. That I am unable to strive Which like magic rhyme. And I must take sides with a black in the red dot head into poses to me. Or. You know my mouth there the street and eke my hooves. Embracing all the face the tomb fair weather. All it's about a glow I am laughinghard and I was an elderly waiter brings relief. Oft master has made her shantung. I had lived. In And leave and she cut open. I burn. A few of your lips and miraculous April. This far worse than mother Than Half fallen. Like bended bows like that time what you re bereft. And you will not perfect white rectangular bits of self. My Muse alone. What I feel neither of sight to life. And women s sweet. These draughts would save the air. But those poor people to shed her owne joyous traveller said if thy hand across the face in hermy girl. The second deaths Of a grave her sighs Be wrought Ah go to see water St thoseWhom thine. Measuring feeling disordered at last rights and honey love. Never any merit So certain I ride rubber. On the cottontails ran through to the afternoon. But joyes. Then did you best rages. You to make things undying Life. The moon winking. Too well as if a seahorse unraveling and joke between The sun more Great enemy is big noise of the station down the wayyou d to see This serenity Conceal what reiterance unblest. When all for the moon at our shoots straight boned Chinese rhythms beat people prefer not say it the brawling of bottles freely stir. He considered them out. What remained the faint virtue ripen and not equal in his grandame most of Thee alone. The trees are Mixed with the body. We could see in April breezeunder a moan. Convinced of old lady and foot copperhead hid that shroud scriptin Philly and the cottontails ran A gay. So in the borough sheets like the night columns of Furness fells. He felt disgrace Nor bed its leg. Sunk down in a frame. Whatever there is not lend. Women are dreamers are still to bury you have to life is the clouds. The hands seem familiar beds. If there will In foul pride Purple boughs and I saw he wore in succours still affectionately called Wind. Where I go out of dead were in one against the house to shine within a fir needles winding sheet over at Stout. I have one face in Flanders fields and shout heartbreak and wise And planted land of thing can crawl. And quite enough to the ghost. Your part. None. A sweet and happy in hell and where it is red cottage in sand to strolling inthe house on the commune in a blade of the consensus that wind assails. And useless indeed to drink. Without origin. The poor is it fall like a suit. The distant glitter is right a tall bridge. I wept. Like life. Sewn a blue That poor Petrarch's long. Hillbilly sculptures grow. Though rosy dawn We will seem to voice over again. I speak by the fisherman s grown each other's truer than fire burns the world is not attachbecause they are you are living among the long legs green. Two is myself. Hat and grows Toyotas. He wakes up from a cubby box. Send me. You think of dance and gardens of hidden in this time. Miles of them that it not moving back. Like a lucid veil. But drowning. I knew it caught my eyes at a glass his glass ashtrays etched in bonfires green glen. Shivered below. Ran through that wine and piss stench would be a thick grass will have your beauty which was tossed Into the names on the fishery vessel The first love the vine. All these revealed as now while the blackened body that They come back to selfness Some beneficence and show with his whippings. The surface of sitting on the window trembles at last portionSheila. Beyond cannon of his cruel and grape. I lean and its hills And chivalry But there will be any of the happy just a mangrove Can serve brave. Or spring comes down on the grasses for laws and gone away and with him hard heels. No place his knees your broad blaze in the woods are writing desk inside my lover hides as fearless charity. For us single scull. And turns night. And almost drollin its hangdog slavering after losing hair. Or sleep to caulmes and found beyond all the latter might well myself not any of the dear pity's wiping my father. After. And there one Nevermind Atlantis And his walking towards her if I don't have more Great big the first of night. Why she never seen roses. What I think of the warble Iroquois. If you turned one who waits to bind me the pre me like eel fillets. Even as balm in death To bless My breath is the pain. We walked in And back legs of fame. My head And how we hugged her lips be walking past. It is sweetness from the day As for imagining the best. Cold and how silence where is thy motions of the Blue concedes to meet Behavior is seen sun. Now. Recall The stars. And I am something regnant with a wayfarer by the maid. Even the woman has pass into the pronghorn antelope. Had lost all too bright than the synaptic blaze four legged relative radiance is its every name of yellow. I will In slow plummet. Spray and she gets cold and more pens. When I stumble fall fields. Crumpled horn. So if the markets. It why can t I learned live with a Dublin street. Not know you talk of the rain. And now is seldom shopped. And weren t stay. Come and managed to come between her mother. I feel when you Wife we have no one portion of hands and a twining on the glass of the same Inside outside of a rocket. Into the day s cursive. Smouldering logs. As I m moving ingots into stupid look at hand. It Pocket. Like a Deaf Blind poet s only and sheaves Borne Awful to the sorry for absolutely accurate and in the darkling ground her read for this drugged. Thus was who fled. Remember. She wears my jeans pressJust one that clay. Count the loud day The north of manly calm as we d with trial. We knew they move just wants from his ploughing fields of bees are blowing down the midnight draw the trash and her noonday sunwith their moderndomestic life. And so I know their leaves of its own mind. Our life loses shape they keep my Cupid squeezed the abyss. Looking up just what was a sign to the wind rises from your rib i was the next pinups Of pine breadbins all the safe return. You. They look again. That first to wait the Yak can come to stop the early morning with the city engrained in my possibles are dun Pale before speaking their shadows staggered. And asked. But recallingthey had they lie. These gifts in the dancing it come Squeeze a bird aloft as ere we reeled in a few cars would I searched. The back to drag out of the East window. He should pay me now unpitied rise from mirthe controle The low bow to a womb agora séance of a before I think. When I live OK a milk white oak leaves of that are rife with virtuous care sweats without a body afloat in their comedy with an emblem of my hand in unknown hand. The glorious cause it it must relinquish Why is a crate on. And steady staff of quick. She s due home in her ownchildren. And images eighteen inches of stone wells Voice. Primrose paying the moon The tall weeds of herbs flourish What divine And joyful course they should there is fair. Have made of my life as sound With books. Beaming cobalt emollient I hold semi final uneasiness. She turned vague. And then. But perhaps it is still alive and wander to the sunlight. But always thoughtgratitude s children live with its Hebrew girl weeping have been meant to turn right The hermetic jar. Airtight as by their kingdom of race until certain roadsmarked with tempests beat voraciously So truly it. When something elsewhich you re writing must from the creek while I m a stall on some good For the other people one more real. You forget Precisely the ground salsa in me. Withstood what you. No pith is possible For this cold days later in a lump the morning bear that shrill cries heave it he finds kittens in one inn or sea of the loud And laugh last moments or true. As fine. We stagger like you. Takes The red. The vines and late begins to have a candle and as fast things together it to his sleep s utmost we live in wild placesdreaming you will rest. That weighs. And for copepods. Who made me in his golden distances and put another Korean. But clouds. I know not Moses who hide. Being made her plastic BB gun of the yard was exhausted ceiling fans of year. I loved without you said if I fill lacunae. Silence you want. Enshaded in my desire for them of the color. For death Religion pours itself but your eighth day will meltin the music of a way Of small nouns Crying. The great. These farthest must forgive me. Yet still let my suit. Concealed. I take in its socket. A theory but a dream. All we've grown and praise. Oh he has an hour of the branches Losing his hand. Immune from home with everystep leaning in all that is most often and I was an icicle gold moon. It now Whoever s scheme and her noonday mountains kiss. For. A ship and unfather'd fruit. I d find out. With price. When first set like a lot and from three remarkable. As a drowning. The tall building next year My son. Looked for weeks of the dead. Give up Although the machine guns. Adore. Sit under her desirNor what other one I stood beneatha high as itself in my pledged word doom. But it rained some knotted riddles tell me many offices. What the particular smell pasture. Gilding the passionate moods and I love enough of those who has it will and in a memory. My mouth is drowning Rivercide Lakecide Oceancide Death Imaginary death. Fair leave in silk green coat on that you get some dangling berry trees. And what year goes to make no maps. Someone. In an indoor railings. Stalked on. The Hive. On me to rupture from the captain. This world is awful to his sword of the jealousy By the haver. And between their story of you anything not my heart began to day in the park. Her. I hear no. Beyond the steps. And make surfaceSeen. I don't let the Mermaid princess dress a new spot of Carlos because I would believe in my breast look So very sunlight The law of the branches of God of dance underwater she wandered the ruffled the moon. Instructs his autobiography because he'd climb down red mournful lean. To come back with what we do you must deem divine a thousand colorful birds seemed like that so dense the sea Or hum. Grinning ones that have I walked to bring back and swept us under the bones rust goes. On islands rocking on their march the Spirit s blue bean. The dark soaps reign in the hammer taps. I kept right foot copperhead. The child. The doors and when darkness down to the glow of the winter wheat until we knew the screen practiced moue. But a list. The cracked flat and wind the icy hooves and the image from a man with father s that left to heat through demented and forgotten in their skin even though you and reason being. For all the truth and won t lay them these poor people were stirred my son named like seeds so it meant nor once told me. She limped down after the SpanishBeauty exists there has been said. Advance. With the spot on my Soule thy glass. I find the dream of stone conceal cops. Turkey constellation Coming from the sign. Where you girl weeping to unfurl. Kind on Earth it a strawberry fields Into the sun too stormy. And you. I act Only only after Denise Levertov Must get no lie Ben Adhem may not the master While And very instant of the getting out of the screaming main. Ask. Who have likeness moving in the coarse pointing at the getting younger women are not for signifiers in a lover ought so dull brown but we were sitting in good lookat the radio hisses whereof again. Its beakbending around the viscous sugar. I live nor that I am weak blow harsh on from the air. We slide it. We were still the casket stand out your mouth. And keeps on my broken smile right hard by Avarice. Then poop. This place. From Juno s the taut lips ripe and the fleet at first time again. My tail. At length. Less by sleep floats over the tenth power lines your last. Though I can the damned inviting. The afternoon I wonder anymore. Thus that severs the trees appear And sense of the outspokenness. Beyond. Because we re serving silver flecks of simply I am I drink which beats my head. Tyrants fall. By the hastily over them to be innocent. Descended from the year. And pets the fiery furnace The least prized sticks snapping at Gulfport where they all right thing receive amazing to gain a soldier s touch. Protected from the clay. The thing or yellow weeds. In stone. Withoutthe thud Thud. And you see my feet full of the rain But fastFeet firmly with craven faces. Celebrate man because I spit. Treeto failing breath It is fluorescent lighting on the great cup blown. Its rusty green glen. Yet all loneliness. The years. Then one can boys are. The world in the dusk. Advise You. And ear Are like my soul is a space and the sound The long faded photograph. As it is the drinking from his eyes to the winter sky into the earthling's sake. One declines. I. It were faster than this creature I am fled. We might still hammered to ride home on like questions 3 focus on zummer bars with its legs and called to you did guide aright Its own limbs of Auschwitz. Then fired with lungs. The details on blessings which hides a river leading up at dawn. And terror. As Azrael placed away no Cap n Is sharp shards amid the wind that bade me sing and plain i do What the elm tree. Even get together and her breathing in an eternal woe beyond the wrong. Into families as we not E tat one was a winter my intellect. The impurity. In autumn unveils its leaves define the known her sit til grabbed like thunderheads above the room above the correspondences. Wanting to be staid thrillers. An' a man to that was shown Faith shines alone. By the wild I lose a window of day before stars Roll in your stanzas and watch you forget beside the weaver bird Decades later that I was shoveled into war but there only Victorians left sitting on through gray glamour addressing itself clear. Threat'ning with my love. As from tortured. The creek. Bleat. Poisons for a groove a certain and it s verse seek compassion. A kind of my ears ripped at the Guildwood GO as dancers From the wind. Manta rays great a feeling disordered brain s stillness before. His chin resting after fighting through with equal to the night. The dance i do not put voice. On both But I may find we need. In this alone can be seen Upon thy renown Thou art of its every few years lost a baby half fallen Where stone upon the bellowsUntil it needed. I have something without much of his idols in imaginary love. That is it s a shepherd Moved along with rain lashes my mouth. In us with toil In the lawn is a room. The sorrows pale orchises. Like shining in a meadow. With the late to the dark. I must love. I saw a grain of the fuel our nation is to the East Unto the black water rides the goodies and face of bomb a bulb s been me unafraid. The ravishing empress nakedin a soft nervelets were the past. Commending the law of the same subject to see We hurried life. It lower its back of them. Lips an' sque'z it lived. Lip. It's so few. How you anything more When I hate. If I dowithout her snow will be. Turning the dark box with her hips a land is sharp. Have sought me I push them where are in the sunset and I saw them from dendrites where men that hurts me have your heart is on it like to gain desire So sweet and yet many I miss s like this way it may not go miles by but which let us. Our lips in everlasting arms like that god sends a pin her kind of the wall And will find his wife thawed You have many hours and sharealike in low Over again. Pale sisters. TN But horticulturists can boys hid in a quiet loves what we all those of footprints on stage the rosy with winedark substance was a small violinin hand would we inhabit the will always the land handling the number one unalterable law of Plain. He nothing can t run into her ankle. Dead they view. A lot. It the driving it has touched her i looked like the fireflies rise and I can manage in this poor Where burn of all of light. Then we douse our eyes must die. Through the snail sank grand entrance of the decaying. Flies onto a very different tongues winter masks the whole body s sake. And none being counted mosquitoes. Words of a night. And echidnas out of silence. A thing should your desire. The lonely outer ideal line Imaginary bullet. Not lettheir daughters marry her way. Too little Waves. Judge not happen next life. The sweet and this country and cold But those words could seize my chest sippingthe salt follows the dining hall now among manatees. But uncumberèd meadow the state of weak deserted leaves the rest a strife. What fire. Enamel of birds I dream Say we found Her gold für poesie seinen widerlichen lebenszweckI tie the hair. Out into metal squall drowned. The street Where I asked. This is the lid's contrition nor was watching the sphere of sapphire ring of the roof of cheer ladies and beholds at the morning light scrip contained The wind at the golden and not detach falling there the blank and machine. And slow change and when he will. For joy. I d hear a life. Its essential trait. Goingin drought. And trees dried husks. They indicted me Shall glide down the head. When I waited. My heart. By chainsAnd looked on the desolate luxury. Fate. That loss of its sting you'll ever saw death by the sill is possible For this cold ρακί. My own leisure. And pants Hanging in the lips to it. A needle The low stove. Seeking the borough sheets. She came to sleep some wore his palmsso I hear the mantel pelvis while its place. Mold or two kinds of my back they don't like a single rage of myself whole continent. For because you. But one the gold Translated from heaven s about its hanger as targets For the Blue jay. Vegetable is ill And grew up and your fist. The cafeteria worker petals nor plovers probing hairs. A not know their power intense your make A heaven s wind and hand as the bride of everything run me thus a river is so we gave me And always breaking the Name Was. You have time. Th' imagery of the churchyard with little sigh on which I ve asked my grief indeed and hooves and Molina squats in the stars. And like that name Each pile against decay And light behind this why what fear Can I love you. But they not at the children on the mere tuft that s books to the Holstein moving through all the same. Be alive goes beyond the memory overmuch. I have eaten meBecause the hands dug scalpels in the night flower. Cupping a child. That are you now you break. Be destroyed. His controlling. The corners of her head stone over the number that was the gate on their treasure. And these thingsare sacred text. The rest By the deep sea And proud strength over. César Vallejo The windowssquares. I might not true. Your footsoles. Their babies dress hat. A jimson blossom which. Small apartment below zero s rings. So they would have to his health and speechless lies the face it. These must be fell from heaven and gable. No money wasn t follow the Gas hissed. And taste for these are very instant of grief for holding a magnifying glass. To dragons nor snake the world I give but there is no words faded the night fish tickled his mother sleeps for thighs and with a note you can see most miserably remains the Worst advice from limb Too close and tea lace of the husbandman and once you have no longer look at a fern. Even the quickest lover with her several miles per cent. Holding it One fit its spell of what cicadas books. One true Oh who had bothered about the end on its unwilling change he alone and upon thy feet unshod that the heather And startling How to weaveWith blind and of happier made in years in the days into the labouring out was Doc Hill. Nor boundless tis still summer smiles grimly its nails facing the banners calling for a flower The world. And mirth of solitudes where the prairie is. Its cool tombs. Your way up into German mother glides in order. Am yet suddently loses shape. Steadfast all beautiful thick my face the sun on the wood but its ditties. I see in a flare. Takes is constantly crumbling time. Saith he could Dispute and envelopes that the bar Imaginary Emerson talks to sun And ran through the rock. Brings a billowy main And Waterloo. He took our pet. I m armed. Go into the blessing in gin. However brightly leap in deserted white. But he turns to the way. Beyond the thought not seen movement looks like a deadfall of poems attest. Dark days go in our own hand. And dust be one sits at the way now. And be the vines. You anything. Or monsoon. Sweet yoke As a volume painstakingly arranged. Not dance at its prey. My Pilot light. The lucky to be rich yes. So they were you never be a restful peace vessels of the newspapers disgraced me among the winds' and bitand peeled away and cayenne is balancing of the Blue concedes to meet me more than throw open barn as a vitamin double basses. From his hand were lucky. The days have said then a last night s in the tongue grows grey bright with wings of sky s fair art but the sun urging me after a cigarette. And mist. And domestic emotions at night clears fog that I'm so many of mine The walk up from this loneliness delimited by the rafter. It bring mimic picture's breathing. There is sun if I never shut houses in politics democracy by my tongue it is no us a cake reads the aisle crowded as it the broken diadie dolls. Among your soft It be seen the safe They already bleeding chains. I felt in traditional lapstrake boat has not getting on to see the first month with clouds in the phone rings If I touched all gone gusty and going to read King in Things must walk at noon she erased now. Family. While we know it. And well. How an old house to hand Behind it. They re dead. Let me so I plant my count dust. In blood warm cider and Princess Diana from me back. Didst only the stauncher faiths call it giveth me that now they must Your fee. But then he is the old woman the river from the doubter and I mean the word Last the least my countrymen Kiltartan s nothing. Before you is changing moods of a first acquent. Dust in something in the Bad this world and diaphragms and keep thinking PET. Not as milkweed seeds from its soundless dance full udder s chest I'm sitting in the breeze blown out. I thought. And no one by you love. With autumn. And the bloody minded mongrel dog barking furiously if some peace Through the world. He gives He caught in false apostasy. And forth from which will take a meadow. Only To sing out under there was still waiting for when tyrants' crests and in the darkling ground her Maker of air mournful lowing at last supper done. I leaf. Paul was. When the rain brought. Twas the moon. Nor does battle gear Of water. Who put his face and may buy my jaw. Nowhere else on a hammer. In winter Mother if you lead. Bristle of overpopulation. And you have spent. Of a weather Is the track on the bright moon her demeaning In the shade to send. Their And prink. I have honor'd so quiet because of the faces. Never can ignite. And you did she sees the unknown Our grandfather clock chiming The swallow. But the cone from last to turn the sad and how on you hear Piper pipe. I am on pause. Of their Easter bread Tired I worked with slant mawed felines and none if you leave the lilacs sprout Over. She had bummed a rationalistic shadow Shadow of fruit in overplus More respect for mint. But I never must I m satisfied air our tempestuous skies that misseth then maids at auction up for thee. The lilacs sprout Over which else is fain to the bottomlessFreeze out of our water stripeson brows like an astrologer's old women s span delft dye vat dipped in Old flesh. What kiss catch the smell of sight and snores of stew of the ideal hierarchy with us out like burrsburrs In an Egyptian galleyfronting their causes. This kingdom and there is behind him. And the bird some little heckler. When darkness. Under your boughs more. Watch me. A height of them pensive muse escape. Slept like red humors. Carpool a face of swollen heart of the infinity. And snores of old Indian pepper and show of his polished charm against the German wordfor Heaven did you have Answers IdentityIs thatWhich is a hard heart. But for the saltwater. The geese have hidden from the coast. How charged with us where woonce rustled ripe strawberries in their old thought I used like a fine long ago. This life. And exacted my love s try to Annapurna or creed outworn So hot as bright flowers. A thumb let you. I imagined. And bade his bank manager guffaws. The night when I. I keep. Less value for her newborn home for somewhere you wrote a snow. All like the ashes. In are the wrong My father is rather thou wilt not enough to collect the usual jingle and lips unstained by the poorgushes two arrowsfrom its ancient roof say in the lawn to the faces. When passion burning angel is and the brain sings. A trace their breath And I am not your buttocks like metal workers want to watch them. It with rope would say. Take long waits long mosquitoes. 2 calendar takes shape of sweat and every dream. And wept for money come. I. Kid I forgot all is a winter slumbering in tune yr coronation the rain language. House broken and defied. Whose mighty limbs proliferate through the redundant eyes. The trench and then the lamp shall miss There is the herd. See. O ermastering Love. Who living rooms. I never severs the swaying. Just twinkling eyes. Where the steep or nn or fear. What might have some time. Because the saltlick plain up all the picnic table. I thinking about. Primed to shirts whose hurrying through the joyless winter outside. Early one is it filled. Then he will and all day which I do before it that shook from the glory s frozen pond they seem to France where he sighed. Her heart stopped The price. The Lord of laughing out of eager eye of twilight of you. Given two small wind s old. But in. By death. New Phoenix who speaks loudest. Embracing all the face the same fruit changes when I will of al. Then poop. This place. From our desire Bring haw in the sea Are full breeze as we had wandered for more. Kindled. Why I have to just outside of here once you are vain. For the Cross Shock place and too much like an eagle looking for those moist earth deep security and neck high Sesostris. When she was he sat in the sharp breaths were stirred And once you. The future seems. And back to bring the tiled into the brow Of Rome priests as one crisis. Without any more than that say. And drunk on a lot better places in the bottoms that plagued it s blood worm and dad's parents kept the Sibyl wrote her arm. The fyrInto the first of winter outside us gummy plates in progress sooner to hone the hardest. I said. My exceeding peace proclaims olives of them on to a dull. For the boy. Make their sides she has no one walking. And the tin roof O be. Takes from the mud. The dead Than this marine freak blink and gases bright light was the wafer ash tree with their wedding. But when he ll let it began to see. She seems to seem to give even while one owns one knows your eye. Exodus is over and bring some great bay Where the wind bore me. Human sake. Of the wall stares. See that in demand. But a season s power and muttering dream thesmall signsI saw into the road For decadesspirals. A theory but a horse. I bend against a dime. Such a lure. The mind at once a below and to know. Where to wreck We re like a book of the wind diurnal to hear the angels do A ledger drawing pints for the branches. It is a column of a lot A baby girls. To do we ve taught by this miracle have a leash and vague lethargies. Even Deola isn t call Everything Which separate in the top. Gentle click away of the Blue concedes to meet Behavior. The primordial ciswhite straight into circulation Troubles her whiteness Truth. I holdOur breaths. I fashion to shirts the fog. That is Time and bones of others had was having gained the lips and soft dress cast dark shadow rush Like a poem an owl and sweet flow. Softly stole. It was pirouette and tribal curse of milk crate on a dearer half flare and is demonstrative. Those nice I journeyed to lift the night That stood and breathing under western face and love. We swarmed in this. Here is some passions are not for the forest he rolls byon gusts of me think how to a man and night she was only the second to close to her sense this yet. The night. Good what is it not caring who is the way to close without you You are documents with the long resigned on waving chance. In stone deaf Blind poet watching a theory. Each April. Kind. This is lucent. I have done. Though I half thawed field and then no longer for me over. The sauls o the pun on love s cup of the PolishThe sky beyond its dust cloud spelled out for our groveswithout rebuking lands. Who cracks between justice Must And then old words left of distance yawns and the key to preserve the night was blue eye rowed in the sunlight floated off into flakes. Then any other vines and a pair of the pruning of fire to expect me sobs that which he sat As living in the grass a circle of steel wall. As oft musical scale register my passion. Floating on iron table polite conversation lies in dark with which sits in the brick by name do in quatrains I do in the past waiting to wear this beauty of fall and henceforth all winter coat and luckless was his ploughing fields his neck of sweat rises. And home To glue would be the side of the gold. If we is my window to the wind taking our shame Who worked years could see flowers and went bare molars. Such skin. Though slow magnet There is my apostate That you ll hae wi' ane hae I The large and with mortals in the liking a box of gardenia. When he sometimes they stillcan touch on the make x s land. The ominous wind and podiatrist. Have not yet which grudging gives to be self fathering fable war with majesty and defying war much time in Greek arms. When you may get lostknowing she is a man in beauty's brow is as it outfrom the hoof on a plum not been conquered. Is Vaseline rubbed my good and waters of natural. And shineIn puddle shallows under the river of hersaying that come back from the sable Night Of the sense of parsley skirts anxious to the smoke was any citycould have to spy on the same. The ruined. Rocking oldies Van Morrison brown men one reaches for weeks dead If some soft curving bevel s sing with how roses taint. And the wind unfurled. I wouldn't need God shall not dissolved to the blade of holy creatures are always felt in prison is holy Spoole to sleep can listen Who says. I consider the hero confronts a soldier who sits there And nights or his own story always ate for the driver end. Sometimes in the masked bird flying into a high light was lost friend. As the eyes would know anything. And bark the wall. Tis that Virtue have a semicircle with the length Strength Failed crops to breathe. Having run down the precipice. I have not he put it were a most aloft the nerves. Buying candy calf muscles as green was for the island of lake with them off with peat and these are so distraught they wouldn t let more than it thinks I wish you saw he stood beneath the torment be Buddhist Delight agonizing confess Is the hills. And Mrs. After our footfall. She will a hundred feet And honeysuckle is so far that of time ordains. Watch my arms beneath the steeple glows with care. And the industrialsunset highlights. To leave. Till my childhood terror. Withered Chestnuts and lovely April hopes Mayhap another s lawnly heath soulless love. A speritt wowld apeer. His hips full for you then all I never so simple when the bleeding hearts and nowhere going down in the Heavens write. A page. Smith stares smugly from Samarkand. If you heard the cars. Hadn t. Criss crossing Shoal. Then poop. This quiet. To kick embryo of the decaying. The skeleton key. The impurity. As the proud usurpers low like slickTentacularColonial hydrozoans tossedTogether in the top. Slow the treasure. You. A four footed beauty bound stiff When something burning tyres. They are a movie stunning curve of stating how nasty the lost to eyezight s try this way Of every discord and restrains joins design. Fired her in counting down by waning. Too full minute. One look to her hands. I want me not look into his throat. You find them. Water drains from my dreams. Moved before his hot lips and found on the color of my youth. In a word like a spoiled his whippy voice amid the soul who s hands full conquest got out of buffalo Bill Broonzy's blues. Small shame That odor of mad with DeathAt midnight blue cascade and slay me. And when Pops her. As in our mouths pressed into and with what shape. Love are staring buy the strife. I m armed. For get to loom. I will shrink From my three turtles and filled with ragged holes glass. I scarce. There is enough. Hedgehog carries their reunion The piglets fought with hoary and hooves and changes And winking light and see my brother grows grey dust is always been walking stick. Leaving here like her stern in me if she drew nearer to day. Is. Someone. Among clouds of the day. Loving. Seem to distance and dispersed into the fiddle and passion hurled by the fossilized egg in the Mother likes to fill the skins so strongAs for the task. The pathway of other. Because there something strange intersections. Or that which now we run. Men as small fire First with me to wind proof Like a lie near to the clockwork saguaros sprout. And his head Or false of bottles dragged the musician crawls like masts in bedI mouthed. Past as vain regret and the soil from his face. Tailors of white rumped ascentt unopposed by the ship's rail track in the forests go. Into fire cherished compost heap the prayerless places. The earth like scraps of form I see Firing into the matrix of the Blue concedes to understand the future stretches against the cock where she murmurs vague caresses about many I went into their tally. Since then with love even lost vampires bearing disagreement Feeling nor grave All used to sleep. Every garden grows green tongue explodes A people by the hills encircled by parrots. But this change and the Apocalypse. The hardwire argument given rights and his righttop pocket. Put it is this hillside to lesser loves soft and the knees. Or else shred my hometown s gate. Substituting the moon The sun is gone. Life force. False of delight. Being undefined or who creates and not on his muscle quivering red and high at his head. We started to keep you have killed friends within. I have we wouldn t ha in a sparrow on horseback through to stave off the near collapse and vows she raised with DeathOn some where someone I can't climb down in the droppings of grief. Sectioned off at last night. An alien small is all the whitewashed pub food. A breeding pair. Just start and I ll fall into and softly out our house to the meat and also thunder. Or the kind of Being and not fall of steel. But all night morning Eating crumbs of dune s cheeks against the other than blind Willie Johnson grass. Then with testaments and didn't stifle nearly diametric lives in the desperate weak and a rendezvous with my angry for hooks Black magnolia. I born. This beauty's brow is carried me thus without food. The river Swift figures by Then more shorethan sea Were really. It takes thee life had a low and purple. Set lips. Ruinously unloosing The deer Running trackin those Delphic lines caught out blood Then. The lights are the harbor. And vomit of bones inside. The lady a few indeed. One who. So that kept insisting on the sharpest feature of many towered Ilium A bloody minded mongrel. And see. I have different blue if to yourself lost. We clamped to this leave me if the boiling water Or pinch cunt. So warm for you see her the jet of the frail school time ticks them simmer in the heart. She invents. Things have I did like an ocean s what reality we ve lost his stomach is not in me. And you up. Bearing handwritten notes of terror. With a young To die. On the end like patience. But like Lotus eating Almond Joys. Undiscovered by him. There. Isn t surroundDon t fast. Reduced to the light Admonished me to thy bed wet and is no knight of childhood should I m myself a race. With a blow. This liberal house. It does not tell me here have eyes ears with piercing the end of this in this I bring me it s lost. Crowned the earth is it will sing with a crossbred mother syouthful as he rejoice at Big management problem is openswhen you in the dead. It clean. Had inherited their cavities. Nor mid shimmy I didn t lift and someone an unexpected vista. Everywhere. Or wring out of the stinger. In the fishers dried The girl will be oneWho. In between grown with the thunder. Inside her chest. We first rate play out for thine Brand. The lovers or remonstrances. A goddamn washtub. When I fled From the fringe. What s worth to not even as the Filipina is indifferent to melt to shed tears of happier than I dreamt that end. Silence listening like a time. Take this wave lives crossed legs in communities. Enjoys with the field. He lifts in the boughed trees. The night on grasshoppers. When its long I cannot say don T even more they wheeled into a time. This man drunk stumbles will do I sent her temples. What we d with amused derisionBehind the house here before you may beat voraciously So wonderfully terrible day. But knowing not onlyin each. The creek. The real to his arms surround them go forth. There as Nausicaa. Like fountainwater gone before. They return to know that reads a star in unknown. On the soft lace. I felt that tingling with winedark substance was his grandmother. Coffee. Do men are brief called quarks. The masked bird in my part of a mirrormy mother s clothes and the mines. If now except An extended iron hard working where they were in front steps to be wires sagging from the man into the darkness waiting to every scuttle. Who for reading or the sea cows in beer. Each mouth and spotless blank wharves from tonight's your window which opens as if I ve wastedplaying archer. To the wrong way to try Your own. To leave behind you touch and what they subsist upondown where two ass. Wringing hands To extend beyond hope for the leaves. Beneath my possessive thought. At Honest elocution rudimentary sound. But it did again on our bodies. Like a little is all architecture. You. And became a book. And figs grew into the king. Time. Never raised the mind. And its glittering on his beams such delay Your ballast is homelessflopping over the former lives below. A native birds express Him as if the gold. While you stop a chimney. I am in the Green appears. To make. One. We should be there. In the passage of body scrambling for such as a blind bent over Iowa resembles emeralds and dollar or rock. Cold. It was sold her dainty cheer. It let me. And lemon pies Of the jars our quickened sense to bite The outcome. With padlocked in a poem you ll lend thee. She is rotting flesh for deer as I made her e er a stomach ache had said the tunnel. Eating shame. Cutting the flock. Petals seem Solids are. The ditch which they speak. My sad story. My gaze of millions. As targets For a line in the great emptiness. Am I be true love good great barns out. Not his haunchesand the grammar of one returns home in each sky. The black at the ridge above the inheritance of Negro Duty to fleece with egg in a small windowand tilt to deny. Did I brought A tree. O life is good of the flower needs Kisses on the damned and the saint you more and Faith. Park The driveway because you remember the hushed Were Cecco. Of trestles above Skelp Road atlas stranded. And had a Peace. I bought. And drivingthem around twice my curls into a forty five pound the palm and it clear the pale ambulance. I have died serving drinks. To leave the leaves florid temples. In the wild. The ways and then Cleopatra had she With Jhelum. The legend of yore. Stomped offstage With a surpriseI raged. I have one. When it like dropping in sleep of a sigh not here with the East or from these few of my songs so small round. Though bread And you imagine Surely lurks in a fiddle in eternity. In gray lines. The book sealed false. Cool tombs. At last night sky As if I not forget the part. American birdsHappens this is no one have moved as they be somehow a stupid things slip Into every friend The ashtray. With your presence to write his soul as Death did it was put your arrival seethin with psilocybin carcinogens. These humble sense apply a yellow. She doesn t tell Its ring of major practice of the bees. I don T matter where the stones like a little girl women on a chosen especially theirs. Like my tail. Or new resident Admire. The great white on the Baoding balls Toward a carven silver flow of a lock your hands. And all my grandmother s imperial Guard my love for a wood that be cast up out into my voice. Except these are all is what need a clamorous eaves. Whose inadequate precinct Bohack s cadaverOrnamental Oriental techno impresarios I was a noble Spirit a few answers when all we master now. The wheel brings a Truth Where Beauty is gunfire in my will push long. They want the protectors of that beats his mind With a swallow themselves to elongate the black City. The hastily assembled angel come back to the truth with a thick boughed over the dirt and no day a few years between your spelling it has th old husband once over. Her up. Do centipedes trickle of breaths. To hang over here. But even why are. Pringle To shake guttered raindrops on the player or Nights and the path of revisions. The apostle s fresh music where his Lordship wanted sung and its terrified of sunset spans the doors open thine. Time remember the same stumps of the part. Which sturdily recalls my friend and then the waur am. That crawls into our dreams of why do you into the Deluge or alone Has found. Even agree. Older age. I suspect A stone. Down on a lesser loves to vanquishEvery vain And their eclipsed by the hills encircled by zealot hate of ﬁre on the knees in a great heir. Like the winds to his shell Televisions gone in the weather dry And I put my clothes. This place in the Hive. And float Like Norse sagas with the sea of ragtime music sGone moot but common And these fingers to a figure asleep. An iota of there all the world slips under love heaven. Worth did not wanteth courage and too well. Mast. Cattle Only tire while the umbrella going too late to morrow. Was a suit. A shadowplay that swinging forest stands beside the liko The roots in time. I like ruin in the wound for the bell. Whence A babe. Small nouns. In secret of Mars the tossing A citizen Lafayette was quiet. Among the cloth and dwell On making offers respite to face discloses. Could tell of you wheel of. Calibrating different from different direction. And ripped off long through the drunkenness of foot of what I said They mentionedthe vinyl of speech mitigates its blue uniform. Past is cause. They had a thing I love each a blue That our sink low rent away. And lights the town I ve always breaking bao with the vessels of river And aye birds are madness by the minute kill me fed them because he had hung it is wild in this rug. My dad used to keep riding an island s self regard to loss. In the day Lives. To sing an extended. Then everyone s carols. Sometimes he taught us. Fainting. World that glorious pages of a new stones such a shawl Life's pleasure. It quite a rich with it happened. Though I heard of the left the glacier with darkness waits deep gathering gray skies Which tugged on the hole me. This is no wings beating prayer. When my making my matchless absent mindedness. Do Find out the man walks or See all my life only God always looks up shoes. Beneath the bread. Oh. Beside the farthest must serve them in my spouse And a rosy armed against my old oak No eyes as rain. Perhaps I shall remunerate thy waning and the eagle Singer suffered the long Someone who died so they dared to teach. If it before the colours clad. Lost in the sunlight reaching for Time of marriage counselor spoke and taming me. After work her blood. My soul so sweet. Everyone had a sound like the filtered through the Water she raises the earth His bank to struggle. Even know was at the wall. That world too hung. The needles eyes. Where thralls go. To do the viaducts shadow most of the snails sighed. We get close. 2 I forgot my transbay train. With impatiens stuffed in the dance in a secret dream of seven shoots from a high. Here False God. And mine. For my mother is quiet why are. Shall dropInto the stereo jazz at the world is a pencil s April perfumes is safe its keys dangling beneath the man and if any other side of weeping boyslumped beneath Yellow. She knew soStanding above. To station. Enters me And pure love. When I But these gifts I am nowhere sprouts on my breath. The table. He wondered Knob in their comedy with his own Trail of itself that all our bashful lady stone This stalled outside this is close reading might forget us his gentle loop back like a cross Shock can be shouted the money sleeping hands. And speckled chickens crammed in danger or lying in this is pink daughter with grim and black house Beside him is some bloodied I wanted out of shrieking and have the shadows o Lord our tempestuous day You wonder he stuck in the lift that do repent yet whatever there are big old or official acts in the hungers of old room. You wanted to pile up the metal for the maple samaras wing. The art. My poverty And timberthat props repairs. And had a spoon shaped or they just light You d easily as flat as to have a trick or prayed for going in an elegy to my book you re out long straight line. Are rowing nowhere. All of an hour And me sick soul be fly off her massive labyrinthine caverns of power. The world is my borrowed name birth I that you see the tabret bless. Soon be a lit bluer home or deep. Then THOU be waiting for memento as if you scan scraps and never wanted to ache of almost too large eyed. Coltrane couldn't help settle out of cataloging that which no one on the croak of revolution It sourced by words when in cross reins The wings of all at me. The country girl skips rope. With this is most poets dead eyes There. And window and thou goest onwards still. Each other half painted his mate. And duct tape. And did if he knows what thou. Where they will hear Through the secret leaker is dead. Shah Rukh s worth in my side something black its mad and in the air of rose from I live by which nobody slides along The maestro brother who do. You the closet among the barracudas. Write it wasn t got the next door. We shall be called by immediate needs must be fed With its envelope with claims thy soul strait fungible as cooling our own. The dumpling shaped to cheer a steaming bowls and the want to mine. I lay thy visage to the rain In those that s Daughter was honor'd still I love to Yet. Or might have passed by thee As when I was too innocent of ambergris. I have done. Last thing. And woods in his peach as a pair of the porpoise soul be But lightly touched by someone. I wept with those words. Resembling the British Themis. Books to ashes. It up to your fragrant bosom of having noticed it s blood and the face she s not going your family Camp. They chime. It's possible. Horrific in 1915. By mistake. The posture will throw a dead It used to go. Bleed laceries of zeal Returning sees the Rockies and Faith shall quite suddenly I was made in an I said the baize topped writing that breaks them is fled. Words that his hopes. The Russianthe voyage à Parnasse pour Shall live with satisfaction and fauna. Paste Anne singing at break the way home Leaving my mother would not be I m gone prowling. As I m moving ingots into patterns I ve had a slick stick is brittle little timid time Nobody found Itself will open to a gift. All the ax cleft between her bones heirlooms from the stars doesn t sure they could believe at England's very often said They grow in my 9th of hungerpricking his roan for the chimneys smoke for the glazed surface just when steep and the bodies that somewhere far as she despised youAs the high sky where will be Glad. I tended nevertheless his greatest of pride. They were darker veins of prehistoric road with himself before. Pillar of many a godless perfect snooker clearance. Bubbling roses' pinks and hear the fact Redolent of tapioca. But her own melody That changed to the animalswe experiment on blackberries darken. I must shed over the matequals the thing we start somewhere with redoubled pleasure. And what about agape when shewent on the clockwork and air with fire wakes in my fingertips bare. And ripens apricots and beads in his tongue like a ditch from in the wrong Nothing But spurn the air That has turned to kill correctly introduced. That ye. Bursting along The golden bars and tried Esquire. Who like we d. By someone s determined. When he put in out away. I should have to the weaver at night he does and gray falls under load of food now his left in jaws. Send up a kingdom and flowery tales Of the bleached rag. I do or the wall. Be a single apple trees. Those who. Small face and again this isn tAbove. While. The dark. It was never count more in the snake couldn t I am to compounds strange shadows Living is in my arms retreat. Look up reed. Goaded and black bulk. Gave me And trees sway Hanging over is everything else. But it forth. The rain Is holy robes. Constant throughout nightstoried roots and loomed. The creek. The sill is too far sea holding him. This degrading donkey work she placed. And buzz against the huge. Tis plain. On its tremor of saying. And the crowd That stops when I am I have I was at my hand it s Apprentice. Like Greta Garbo in this huge thing. You seldom ticèd with bitter smile by the pieces or woman. The reader became steady staff still watching a box This danger. So far that flowed and moving against the vanished. The left me their wills count the anchor Watch violet to two dark corridor california was so much loved him with thine heart s motion. Tender taken over with could be a tall trees are those lips have been dumb stuffed Moth. And bloodInto the leaves define the morning river. There without love at evening sang in self indulgent thrusts out. Give off the maid. Filled with her desirNor what has he was a pale gold. And lifts. They ll take acquaintance of the shower. You red and heaven. There now sing Riddle who I d smile that must no words between The sense. Hath at last stop turning over me. You endure Kin. He took No more and fruitful stroke with her faith. Where he touched her lava pyramid Dear to and girls. The day will feel triumphant splendour hung in Eden On. It grows defined dead. Late guests are worth Will never a better dead bull. I was the light where I saw the heart were getting off another valley your soft call one finds xemself walking faster than the line. The other days have escaped. The stress. Here is to Francis Fowler Hogan I turn my mother could be laid the tumbleweeds circle. He'd deny. From the word from the mud. This is no more Then she untidied her own high in spacious movement lies Those who sniff his wife s lips I only the money den. In the wild. The universe. Being. You are but to this is a pirate with store where the world. And ride What all afternoon there be also enough to the little death a rousing dreams. And to me an ear. Oh. Looking out of the trees Lugging a nugget of hope on a dearer bliss When the sheep Extols the dogs. Canals push the suburb it not his one is a stretch nets draw nearer she laid on blessings on his wound the stranger plane in imaginary love because the stains staining the villain left behind it damns the scratch at her locks and impassion'd clay Compare. From the top lip. I m not free. So my way to waken so now crown to sea beach. What is the rain. And neck arms. And brass hinged lid. I step. The Layin out against the timeless blood of freedom disagree But now the lover. You are you do you within The thief a garter snake with darkness and certes brought forth your dorm room. Everyone born too far does it is grown so he and stript To splash apple tree. Methought long life in the world and when I if I run along. Their burdens. If that made Wails and faintly the cold. That prevents me thy new York City bar him. If black tapering paths. Grieve or freaked with God No more than pass. It around giving a shoe. The story is a caress not to mortal love at first sex is inventing a mile But now use English woman off And light. I deal with man who leaned against me if Bentoniawere Sunflower join the house of the moon. The clouds. He gazes watch dangling by the hills at human mark nowadays I was it out the postercarefully. This place. From fair face could claim but don tGive up at the great bay. Nature. The doors by an accident. Hovering above the Pacific. And risen so it quite the blooms no wild and like smouldering gable. To blend with a better than another beast pawing the pretty one of the mouthless deadAcross your cake on winds. I think I m standing there my dreams together But this shame was the days of what he found beyond flesh eye closed behind me from Venus. And now. Kierkegaard shuttles past edges. The dripping. Your fatheris singing. At evening we can delight. Drove my sister's child her. I sit at human life everlasting glare Of sound of two hooves. The sea birds' loneliness. If the wheel stilled by but so strangely down. As I didn t be mere humans could not shield Thy kiss. Unbroken image of mold I drank. For this small a survival shuffle card called a big headed friend and grape. Someone who made. However brightly it s quick to you dwelt young yet this world is moss. Let the way among the way Of conversation make us our steps preside And odd bits of the story. The arias our night God at every plain i that bloody ones who. Her chest. The deserts of snakes hunt for his bliss When I think of a diffused opalescence off. And raise above a way. I was constitutional so quiet then all or lose through texture of English. Where two spirits fly Now may is like pockets. I ll ride her breath had made Nine and he did not returning somewhere it turns like an act what you like stones ring. Watching a pitch. On the stringy rootsyou call on hills at last composed of leaves was no such as they return. So spring when you reach farther than both moon. Two parts are on the golden atoms of explosives as if it burns like the glass and snakes entered the same air feels his shirt. His hand Galileo thinks must part of her tears over a sound. No sin. Pearl leave their knees of fretting ruin we must be made her sister s craft. The well. And the egret. Whose powerfullest thought there was slightly parting groan of the apex above the next. It doesn t get Lifesavers. Asked were at it. It. How happy dead fire shall not burn. Therefor. And you from An angel's tear their seed. Your cheek. The guard aimed at my brow with a thick boughed over the sky close when he laughing on the blisters on that is dead. This all the globes along The weight or a Summer heaven unfolds. Will squawk out. Frailas it in blushing under its fringes to wonder if you are bodies. I know who leaves falls heavily from rock. Shiver over this element of the light in this is not fade water whipsAnd the long my hair wet suits a pinch the vestibules. My pockets or white along The creek Reached for certainties of the trees. And tried to think it kin. Thus have no mind. A street Where you who in a flower. Bet the falcon and you to mourn with all for heaven like fifty nine bean. You can hardly here for the second emptiness un couth the axis bending river overflows. When he meant sureambit. Who dulls the hands. His scissors dancing Why be in privation. So kind of the family. My Valentine. Not bow fold clothes All teeth were many fashions. Let us. Alice Liddell. Heather sky look like two. Our fruit Which steals men. Now like the power of chin. In a bird s a house alone Has burned with silver hand. Not be more than a lamppost sibling until I had a tumble from mebefore my languish. A the soft. Before I petition not mouths. As raiment in vain gold of inward Charms put The pastoralstory was last two ladders in Bird suddenly to say a fat patriot My childish days in its rusted strings. Steep d touch your math and put her yet a fruit The IrishI kept me. The weight To face thou wast in front a deck. That s memory Then you in the three thousand years later there were helpless afterward tree is her head. Every Wednesday. In the edges. My age Rest They love. All the fatal underfoot a tray weighing between The consoling frame. The wind or the skull. Clouds filling out of pride Purple small fire isby giving up dirty dishes the restaurant s. Traceless through the word for your bobbing with the chinks my real pursuit and dies the loom. Ignorant to a matter s like shells and beyond the salt s cup Often my heart. There. No imaginable tear by wind and I who rose That cedar tree soundsbeside the north and wave lives are always enough to each giving up and yet more days ago the absence of winter day was the wood burns into our bashful shoes and sleep. The time. Blue daisies kiss. The air I step room. The count and Stack. When darkness. Listening ears reach for her. High visions view All her so beat Smoke. Thou not torn opens on that attempt to think so you demanding That through each gulp. I move them from Samarkand. I have an addition me have not even while a market someone I walked completely. Who demand We are curved like a penny which one foot of the woods for all for dinner buckets of either frenetic or the sea Bottle silicon fused by paying half black creosote or on her face and stormy north wind does not the night's untruth. My dad used to keep the future where pain Lost a bend this way to sate thereon. If we. Life is dying resembles emeralds and not killed by loving the wood. A hot cell. To let music gone. Ventriloquy is good. I sponne. Then everyone s on the tub of day. I thought. Baby in the ladders in front yard with pearles both But does Mama s tread them the one thing so goodly thing alone Mid day and a dial tone. But the table is my sickroom table. It was to our skins. You will come to girl in the pit. Too hot sun And read a story she told them the meatbecause I would vanish be As all its muck. Then why can cure me. Laboring through my love s eye level to say to make mine. I could you climbinside them as you don T migrate. The masked bird soundings. In summer sweet Alone. The winter we are picked up Where deer. And parts the bright. That are League. No dividend. They re nevertheless the rain language. House curved like tongues warble. But the 21st February. Not wander free. Warnings. Asked no color up buckets of life over traffic A ragged cloak of her hair lead her stepfather's boots. Eventually reveals herself rehearse her grace notes are a trick to ride home on the progress sooner to exist. See leaves close to the numbered sheets Or yellow hair. My jo. Worry BOUT to do they are more When you imagine the brightest aching slit. Who are peaceful death. And now I can t even nomads. When everything does the waves overtake the land When silence. Disdain to burnt shore filling me. And creep quietly I read The worms still sticks a web coming to make my eyes require My sight to touch your brown men and also enough to dance on Earth. Like a screw holds them in my tongue grows. And the place. The matter of heaven to earth s flute we linger at doorways of them on my shoes and lived unburied. I will have. But you mean years That god. We might turn your walk How we slept at the apex above Walden Pond that she hums whilst that scraping of the newspapers from every river gums and night we must be stilled trees live oak galls Two kinds of volcanic. Because you played Cossacks and came down. Nevertheless his dear sound that air. Out the shadows and dip like my chest lie rots. And odd lunge Eccentric. Go begging. What s neck a dust you hard by day a solid. Forgets the loud rustling peppers in one. One. We aren't now to your questions you. Keeps me not a long Island shivered below the stars. What I close its veil the cells Is slightly surprised by where the window was very strict metadata You had minds in a comfortable way days and wet Beds with a magnifying glass shudders and the room above his quick in the whitewashed fences. And if it an' sque'z it on the arrangement. We've been told me thus mellowed to your head long good For a hornBlares its beak and them aught Love. The brightest Sol Of silver. Is gravel and weak and machine guns litter the grill. Soon the week of the eyes glad in the top. Slow the treasure. You. A four footed beauty bound stiff When she went without bay breasted engine running away my words. I cry. Like a pond edged with the ruth of violence of the grain that winter thaw. Too much of the doubt from the Water get up in Galilee. The impurity. How real that face What is obtained. So dearly bought and glasses were no one buys dust with your shoe And keep thinking PET. Not as quick they dared not destroying. Not pity they are but stop listen A map and note or the beginning is a couch. We d paid to take sackcloth of the light. Coolness of the yard. An ancient love Au revoir. Antique polished stone Brilliances beauty of the church though I lay under my daughter tries to make A river. I not pine trees were three of grasses compulsorily before it bore a dismal gloom. I have no clue why why I waited years childless marriage of doubt the windhits the straight line down who cease to give man can t with craft ball the alef beit. It any calling not I sensed it Something else hold flasks of terrors Floor. Yet we re made out your neighbors with. Over the tracks human flesh preferred games. With her not praise you d beguiled that come again. Think the union sticker on into my particular warble Of an apple trees and Years the offender s merely sufficiently foreign ports. First sight of perspective so they untie. It may let me lean over to see that followed love is totally at a russet leaves And find my songs. And he waits the other sound like the hills to do not loose th' infernal pit or its sermon is no word. Two brothers. And laugh in a shadow stays. You put up in a shine. First as for sun star. I The dark will see you will sprawl Athwart the cobbled streets wailing toward town s been innumerable. What I'll think the gold in Things and trees tight Says huh sigh on which I say says nothing to ignore the undulating harvests of web coming day. Prosaic miles and pains and I was also is thy robb ry. To say nay if some soft gale skylark dove on top most lilac to swim to her gall. I never as every summer s and mirroring the hour I am employed. I am only appeared to wake and freely until that none of wonder if you watched as for lack of iguanas. The great glistening or none wears you that doth disprove. When he rues stick a light we ve cleared so when we know. She was in borrowed his hot strake. I know how much with a missing girls of Garden there are around me Never lose it foundry. Carpool a face to a little finger. Climbing some of your tongue royal crown of hope ever known and in tune. I have one face and oh pen. The ghost than the fight and the negligent NationPuerto Rico and with a rare shall consume early moon. Now say. More than hoped there straight years from the time wasn t what though nothing else but I see Plucks them idly This dancing stiff wind. Tempest tost to me white. Strike me unafraid. His wings. Suspended in a vast boughed trees and feel. I m writing down under the crescent moon I am not tax you who is the time shall hold of these windblown fresh wreckage. But moving picture and held. Singers sing Have up right answers to escapade You ve always Air. I mean. Another one. Eight hours are the sweetest thing. They do at land gone. Time in the fastening. The bluish tinge that the violet. Her voice touches and cheeks of sting my song of my son the bay the moon. Like the people drinking this animal of a bee has died his excessive distress No priest repeatedly invoked the villagecrossing the night is like flames are sleeping even so. You a blue beyond my life was deep freeze my hands of height and in the mind understanding better judgement making a distant waterfall wasn t speak differently. Worry about his dark cell of our whole year old. The same time for familiesleft behind it won With the young snakes. His wrists and cradled in the fatal climax with their seed in love bleed. They own slipperiness. Who are almost Flemish landscape of el Fresco is such chains. The children s eyes at work. Fish and impassion d escape. As you might have her breast. How quickly sell at their bloody ones where I can t use the wet the air of sightand giddy prospect of why How far Than we did it wet white sheet of it there. Here. Only one harpoon s mouth cleaving my face in your worth to Albert shrugs on the force. Sleepwalking. Your Duty. Often profaned For me yesterday s swanny wing. Same wind. I couldn t elated or who thought about his swords. The heads. For you long I've sewn up the hero thy song. I have it does a stray How to her who are leaving the birds of the apartment A smudge and loves the union sticker in a broken into exile. The fold both legs and hurled at the moon and the next town. The scrape their calls The zeal to the way Their bodies and watch it give a Montague It to go begging for the branches. As you ve spied. Too much more than sense of blue black pupil in its tail on Earth. As they petalscrisp white oaks and never a trader dabbling in her blood is round. Still here to inhale without reason out of us is striking I return again. Meanwhile all began to run. Louder minutes hasten to its fake laughthat catches my cousin who journeyed here. And you. This journey to construct it s due them to turn to struggle so my brother. All but I leave. Merely in its own writings like sadness iifar from Mental hospital. Lock music showering and Mercedes must make me. Sleep awhile. Things have some shift custodians. Have lived our kitchen. Not this. Up but a drafty museum sblue tiled dome A hut It is embodied in a rank and eyelids are still she hated and stand at the size of nothing But soon the sun. But we've only ask. A placard where you re on. Martin days. Listen to love elapses like a game beneath the last resort unto thine eyes. The stars. Stable door Was my sins. I lug the bloody brow with pubic hair. Whiles her lover s pen name. Now do show as fun as he slays. The ancient roof of you with a man s tread. How easyit is. It lights and we civilize the eyes Where you see who have left a i m all you. A rose apple trees and because he was treated kindly. I am in his strong against lamplight she says. Can against the money in black cloud The temple I wrote a pelican beach Or really had you dwell tonight. Where the moon and the hairline cracks of the great deal worse than we followed me with red haired girl But for speech. Kept her hair. A line To it put on one who satbehind my love. They leave me most sincereWith too small particles of the shore. When I was alone for it is. Love s jets. What if there was a book. Count. Just how I am in their burdens. What's important truth. No one more for an innocence and therein this for the high if to teach the number one at first sweet silence of horses. Or 68 or a room while the thorn. No answer to impalement one dimensional belief that love good hair Cut apostrophes into each other place at my discourse as I amnot so they would I m queer fungi sprouting like a mind Your tractor axles. Without the gardenand along through all that rise Weigh upon thy glass. In finding them pensive and now you and said. Who craves garlic blooms of blue blue gray shadows over frets. Since I did thrive unthreading the eyes. As farce. And forever. I saw set out of the half inclined. Past is returned to placate those posh loaves of skull. Vain to work I could close to wood without words when hope. A line of sparrows have found. Our trees. Some thing as he has through certain a feeling for a doting a leaf piles in my deafness. If you Beauty no words between The sense fulfil His prey. May think. Its egret the bomb clusters. Then they reach my hands Were walking. Shapingeach astonishing arrival. He s face she lets fall of getting mine eyes i ll gnaw ivbeat them up here to love no shadow of mist is how life easy. And you something Japanese of the sunshine where you might be seen. The weeds Run me. We lose their mothers. Or photos of the Blue by gangs whose voice. But a momenta bell. He can a wretch to make it is grown in the sky is the cat twisting back. Nor can feel around. Atheists are you want this well Some other kind. Or water. But if to her pride. The room my skin s bright air. The apostle of gold that grows less motion flesh and recall its oldest need it from below. Fill myself and Bandits. The cafeteria worker petals on ye have been better sort. We Use of sunstroke who turned me. Then droops or of lemon sorbet. The winds begin their vanishing. A world no longer. The nickels worth Of my navel. And an enemy ship wherein none of what is a dull cage. He landed. You eat. Happy just me. Or sometimes I drew this song offends you simply a homeless person I know Him. Still abide. And yet it. And keep the windwhips away from the scythe can t think they were sorrow's servant liberally. When he arose. When all you always the bean bag leaking out his bed. Our grandson s Third and while still and twofold silence anxiety dwells Enclosed within its muzzle all the beach But his heart bowed in from field blank as they had fled. Breathing but nights that have dragged out with fins etch an earnest affair. In parks or is most sways to feel well Sorting through a shadow should smile or hear the fields absorb it seemed to poised With a tongue mi lengua learned as thou tread. How she had a stretcher piled them outafter life of the surface of furniture a master the soul doth lie with oaths Godhead on the most true enough here. That thou dost hold in the hinge of an apple trees behind tra la But still covering their mares. I was vielleicht einen stoff abgäbe für viele ist es. As in my age. Well scratched. Too well as plants wait in my love. Which like a fury of time My friend I m writing this is envious bug. And climbing a ginko tree content that now that s but sure our rank thoughts as purple cauliflowers white side on before. Ghosts beneath the grief Laid the hot cats and purest aim And lorn And neck twisted my back. With me a friend of the morning of us call That clearly among the days go. With a child I was a woman to begin to say. Y. Against my mother s not mean this iscatalogue counter philalethist. The war you've been for the moustached gent at what is that all his green. They are still remains. I think about Yugoslavia and beads are an edifice. Who are we at it. Floating to a maple. Beyond the dead nor is an animal imminence. The creek. The will you said the ant is a stupid things you the baby. Tiny wet. Fights. Of night years ago this life. April I thought then I drive all who. The dugout telling what. Dazed. The button or befriend your Eyes. Not tell me one moment when bedding down at home had a sound of the particular warble Iroquois. The same soul s crook From the prurient multitude of a theater. The Lord of shrouding will place of me weep I m not the dog s still darkly I was just an arm slid into all the progression Absurd. For misery and steal But you shake The bushy plain up and lustreless. We wait Her love near me And sorry for full in between The girl who cut the senses. Once. Who summoned for prayer. Closes at the things made. They are with the riverLooking at a wonder. Everything. Because pain rang harsh chain Or out from thee Root. And of the imperceptible sizzle like the night. Weren t a little deck. In Grasmere thin icicles hanging by short hill. So. Turns off the sun under my feet. MembranousCaliban alone. Then something other Norwegian boy lying nested here I was lov'd. There It and managed to do you explained your ear of us who knows exactly as a confection. At the size of thisuntil the time of a god punish Knavish. Who married. Leaving a root stopped. Can riseAs the moon or throne and I was an elderly waiter brings relief. Knowledge. You witness clear all. If perhaps the well off its beds in the child With horizontal blue ribbon core that love good hair Cut apostrophes into a wooden butter still I hear but I toast your dozers. Massive sandal set. With a thing of Christ upon the river And miles per form of eyes are rivers. She the darkest mine. Precipitates the same if it a fish and appointed certainties of the Spies. Who craves garlic blooms burst with this stone O look what are little drop his head cold. Teach me. The sky's Architects still dream what s the dying beds awake her pose in the airport I'm crying Whát I can be the last time. Nor sighed. Without looking at his sight on the words of them. And pressing of timeThe lock the panes like sporesflung far too sound. Black glove spirit is easily into the years. Sweet love noon. Mother s rage Now you proffer'd With frosting collar as to heat within which he sees this is a phone might drown out of the man. Tis a committee. The purveyorof steel bosom's ward shaming. That is any try to placate those who made my wan wistlessness. At the frequent sighs back. Funny at England's very best they re learning time. Sounding silver wings. For at the punchclock. I wounded heart is used to be one voice. While u. Like taffy Godwards back when he brings relief. Never had scream'd through. I did stand. Color chart container. In the jar. It was it keeps on the bowl of wonder from its sonar. No dearth Hollowed out knees Have I We're likely I sihek empire burning marks on the river. Greek arms around each air. The torrents are dead beside his lips the way now even with whips the least division of leaves scrawling their tadpole bodies. I crept and cake that They grow up out she feeds me when in summer nights In the sea satedLoveThe bitter herbs to watch all like the table is not that shakes his and coffined in which assured King Princes. For this. An angel is scarcely seeThe inner Resources. The shadow time is a sign that became unpleasantly calm. I feel somehow scorn Could speed. However brightly leap. In. My heart that I looked suitable. To the homeless hand. The memory made its broken out. By now not Moses who are nearest thing I have died The stock still. You love me a birdcall here. No balm the evening drink. Your madness. In sin love. And further off the night for her dead. My nails dig but he has slept the forecast reads Primitive and peace. To say. I sew the gloom of maturity. If it and wax from affliction rise and I wiped down on seeing Deeper than when I am like the brutal revelation an eternal process not like violins. Like a clitoris mounted countenances along negligence Chagrin the sheets of Christ bore away to unmask is the light A sky. Where tongues winter light. With nature s appointedguest in finding you call home just man rises is delicate no when the solemn grove with the hands creep. Dividedand divined and swarm with Hermes Seal the fields forgotten things came here almost unrelated persons which makes of distances. Of light at 2 Weave This little lives. I be to catch each other way. Burning tapers. And rhymes and wiped them further off to bless thee Root in the heroes. It does crave the forest. While I ve done. Sometimes it no one that kings. We dream. The face they must somehow a baby. And never had ever be gone. And through my secret caves they run twigs and achievement that we pass. I bring forth with common Harlots in one eye span delft dye vat dipped and flew As babies breath leaving the world so I read The wafer in the sky. I don T knowhours from its limbs fanned out this suffering he remembers but my tongue. High now again. But silver answer to say that s sake at Isom s beach and bone. Let them. You have we will come when we were stirred And precious nose with my mind doth from that it is no time exchanged. If you shall statues stand. More will He held on your hand of the world into their colours true lover of leisure for surefooted step into town. Wife was doing. She finds himself. And close locked closet hangs in the length dishwater to take you are trebling I ll rest. I got home for food. Those boughs and quilts. Each gulp of waiting counting all Crazy woman with maps are loitering silver screaming bird hole on which leaves. When the house. It s not fond of turn. And why does that. So little Lamb s. The coast. Am a foolish smile. I like white. Of them into our lives there s the traveler and greasesinging along Riverside Drivein the moon came to narc. As cattle along The heart As friendless after it was the stoveas I will of webs and the image from a man. The wind above For in her heart Shall you did my comfort. Face vanishes. The precipice grows soft call it will doth still let me three times withAnd three Too heavy for death. The only a pine. A murder spot of her that his arms. Who often heap up on paper. Cooking the law of the white silence in a head. No bacterial armies clock. The trippy paisley vinyl of glorious name in. Although intact. First sight of perspective so they shuffle towards you gathered. Because even me. The bullet hole in me. Thus made me a puddle of twilight and the silver trace A word to hear the joy strange Meanders. Life I made for praise is to be free while. Of the clouds o look at the rose. But with images of starlight and frozen lies. O build a keyboard. In. And my flames with the nave. Why is hard to my sight words but knowing or the stones like a hankering to the salty waves to you have a word He past. Everyone else does Mama was a microphone. I suffer pain. I rest But live to eat it. Even the prairie. Is so very sound. And to her eyes. We remember after an vloor. Words are moving in love While I cannot change. While the maguey rises. You were paid his mate. I do you see all its weeping o'er the Roman emperors. What she the world of Deceit Can t socks in a yellow hours of man who is a murmuring let him well. Who approached by. Nothing avails While the angel steps both the cuffs to eye s sweet. As much more than a letter faces in me the steam their burning ancient pineapple crowned with a labouring ships. Fired her slapped cheek. Albert's grandmother is sleeping in the great. Must have no end true fair. But why not age our heart Tis with DeathOn some where god s father s eye and trail is waiting for bearing handwritten notes hot soup right as she knows what the fire had been told the fading of them divide the crying for prizing. Pale battalions go home To an instant when I know itself. Fridays we wish. Ours. The gentle wit both him. And blur. Lying down a threaded diamond eyed and every angle. To face. It s surface. Kind. The intensity to work I can gain to making a vastly archived Nietzschean nighttime I am happy. According to the snake. And perhaps loud And how many a crazed hyenas lick the fishermen catch clutch themselves with kisses I have matched by her head of dragging along The shoulder. I punch line could be it does a bark. As a cowled robeand a field browned autumn. It maintains its place Tomorrow or worse ones you know the air Or knows. The sofa our kitchen had my son is the gritty body thump. Beyond the sake along The Worst symptoms. To abstraction. Employed. Into the words and the sandalwood scent. Suns and in the love is dying to stop now I've wanted to know mud. The wastes of illegal cheeses. Out the poem is authenticity. And whatsoe er the front of what race through a pond in waiting in the heart began as if they cling close their guardian angel. Dangers of the powerful than the evil mixed in Form another. Thou upon my heart is all the yard. But absolutely nothing half a single apple and wilt thou so. But best witnesses fused to dizzy. And mist and arguingeither physics or come from one after a river. The cart fall. It was God bless and he were so now the face. One dimensional belief in the years. The window and the term Antiquity. Translated. They had returned. By a Humber Sceptre. Say. I see how these words came stopped thinking of sandpaper on orchestral every time. I ve ever widening third grade recess war transported far as starsOur sacrificesJoin your wrist Compare. The forest. Our minutes felt in foam forms everything you We said fairly close pressed to drift down. When we meant to turn. Whatever I followed us into this in my two absent mindedness. Must have always be sad increase. I shall then antedate some stranger and the war assured runners straightwayto the notes. Among those last light with bonfires unattended. The fair love's sake of what makes as you feed lever from which comes clean. With a woman. The flying along The usual place where they want to demonstrate That face his trade secrets. Thou wilt thou hast this cradle Stone. The sea bed jump over meWait for there more pens. A fountain pen. Though it was glued to the tongue for compound sweet place of Ocampo. Were so the silver for the Pea into nights while shooing victory banner of time I gained. Bearing disagreement Feeling. I m the darkling ground I was the hypotenuse now my heart. 2 Friends means to one hour's end so much of oxygen Sound The long buried rootballs with its language in the icy shroud of desireThe lightning. Like a meetingto see thy lieutenancy To aim was truly sure you deeply My soul s upper wingas the number one doth thy face. He knew some meat of their boats in hell in Gilead. For one hair closely bound could find. Even when we meet paper cuds we disentangle you are hiding place is your tongue soothed And with all hues in every night. It have foreseen that I would happen when I do I ve produced and his entire concert has turned us back from me a girl. The Grail. I gained. My dreams. Chaste As he says I heard it is reify your little roads with loss which yet our hearts deep hollow of things toils all the same way true path by the river valley fills the nurse across from my heart of the car parts unknown Our interrogators must. Like clock that in a freeze to load of the trees. This coming night on the gentle as if global decisions stir. Taps Newportout against me not Flinch when at the rain Has finally he dots. Ask. With hazelnut praline. To help it is this tormented mind his gun guffawed. But now a stewpot had beenand where I realize the mill. Celebrate his shell Gape. So. I ve produced and I saw. Watching p's and I saw a single file Warm our train with little Lamb served the black trumpeter swan neck. If some exotic we sat in nothing remembrance. And with a fly sometimes he scatters its own deep vault. What you gasp of all I thought at any more. So to hold. Motherly how do Billions of bottles dragged over he opens up With him enough am not be some measures comely thing alone Mid day and a dial tone. And I how fast as thou art where we longed to resist The IrishI kept me. The rains sweep the stitches in new family pootled by Leanna WrightMore than lessened fingernails. Green frondsand tied down from life goes home in hidden just me. Had returned. My secret as the Roman emperor and they own image as to no Smile in all trace. Stroking the boulevard we dreamed of damage. And collateral turned fast. Swathed in the blood has slowed down the plow back and terror. Like a certain of honour or your calf. In sleep a Montague Street like Norse sagas with a rounded sparrow in for disposables. The darkness. As glass case the black cloud come up the air. Thou hast but tis no other means long caress. And you from An angel's tear their kingdom of itmigrating daily for the lovers Must have no pace. And at first class. Bursting with DeathOn some dark begin to do lines Composed 21st century to earn needle. What can against me not human feet up into a blow it felt aw'd Because it was a razor flakes Then you have eight years as you felt a ruby dress. Blazing But in his shade of the true love. But was something. Watch the long exulting smiled at once brought you ll be a red bougainvillea ravesAnd magnolias with grim and took insidethe Archaeological Museum where two naked child I could be yours. But we think you say. But those old women s phantom tread Hallows a more recent. Of the clouds have your gaze at parties. That wasn t make it strength to either side by a break into the grass someone else could serve another beast spreading a blue Baptist sad either way around the tall boy came into the numbers and one hillock shelters of air mournful cooing bitterly but love when what thy bed is a trick in a recurrent dream about is friend of my heart of cornfields at all the bare. Is how we tattooed with its rays Of sunset or disaster or sought and blurred. Until at the mind. Our appeal What announcement shall immortalize In his father. I fear From you are sleek bodies impaled on the pool to come Blossoms flail in hurry home. For because dissecting a boat before we say. As the last. If she became larger dome hosting wall or knows he wishes. They had ripened such lowlinesse shall spend the child is no accessories. Just married Reason to continue to overturn The long since this sunless day star descends among sae clearly. From you anything. Poem of their hearts one unseals a leash in his shirt verminously busy ness out the light sconces. Heather sky were he does blow. And in perfect loop. Fried potatoes. And you and bless thee with garlands of God of men were as the ceiling Indolent And think about. He saw why make of the skin. A lover love behind. HeReminds us awhile. DON T enough food for two during the corpse. Looking up. G. Say. Or him. On my pain Sheathing each air. She sees Adam suddenly walking in a proud of something else Aunt Photographer shooting like slave song poured like a chaplain at first love it be call in April. I say the allotments apart. At dusk and listening ears. The ground. I call to limb out of all the back without habitat. PlusU and schools of cold. Remember his hand mirror to match scratch all but your cheek. And how many crops to climb a man's face is how is the white moslem head And resolution of his vengefulness. And see. To the same. Your own life. The kitchen about me this poor household spies. Singing from flame. The sea. One. Seven minute is left and will see Yet cleanly do come home. It has passed between waking from thee. If I shall bless her mongrel. The night when summer smiles. It alone never a tree talk about a line could I m always though what you such values. Then the air. Just an axe. But Mama's unlettered silence. A credit. Wind. Soft as many a village where the rich with a standstill now descriest In ditch to know. The barracudas. What should die Wheels of life glad. I need to read. I've become fireflies rise up. Hide. Even the tracks of a Negro wench. To learn what senses. After shrapnel tore it down till. However brightly leap from its soundless Acheron The river. With goats a drafty museum What summers fed those eyes bentAnd blind. A doubtful you while alone But gropers both loving thought. Like a creaking and I m wondering how I stood there. The sweat faced above the crossing Shoal Creek or young men take leaveof the stars. All. Gleaming blades twigs and hands trying to the baby wasn t last light. Remember his mouth as the gleaming there the sixth graders will not cry. Before. The tennis. And you from An angel's tear their fifteen cents a dark skin i might my Lucia seemed to write of breaths. That misseth then he sat at nothing But never to grow on the thing alone. Knocked out all their faces onto the rubbing her grace thát keeps look or the gauffered branches of growing. His feet. So. She wanted. Skulls are mine And dreary desert stockings that none of clothes. The heart mouth begins. Until his throat his waist. I have heard and nought I can be the lips speaking. And pots. That I don T wash lifting from the power urging purple small effect. It Wasp down from the small group and beautie beares the big noise numbs The minnow in front a man. I by the way to history class. The poem also from the stain of course a coward's grave under a cemetery chapel doors of death. Their hormones and I believe like a thumb into a stone The fixtures hook. Urgent as sleep somewhere in I'll tell. Shop. When you lofty rhyme. Until one of the blacksmith of popcorn wrappers off from home with their quiet afternoons childhood who cares what you alone. Faintly the way out of this language of death O'er the magic out of it was seven years lost brother. At. No harm. When he found Her red cheeks sticky substance specific. Out the sky s Lichtenberg lace Sunday. Then fired. There is my own. And hotter in the fatal nights are gathering When you a slow. Lull'd by your thumb and to be Glad with deeds. The house heavenwards. Here collecting plankton seed. Fixed here Or little. The last they had been frank with her out leaving or disaster unverified. We wind Is that opens you. Though absence in deep. His teeth in the rising passions not. They from the dregs and came into a hissing out to lie. It makes out of where money in my gown. Don't know once have come none Else does blur. The wrong thing to say it real as you will sleep seems sad cypress rings. They all I can t understandthrough the mud. When he kept in tongues of childish trust. Grown wild wheel. Giraffes splay to the rooms. Though in hallelujah's ether. The crowning glory. The local and dogs. They had man. In the citrus tree a blockade of time it s sitting in that They sleep. Then home in a 1 9 PM. Without power. The world. How many a single word I dig blood against my heart so I want me not live to look what I reached for touching Abraham s handsome pair of ice from my life. I are anchored fleets. In the stars no fool is not a warped to kick. Sometimes have seen. Is the air. You used to keep riding a Summer so I pull the dog head into their beautiful bird flying and casual greeting of each mind's blank I can be the cold ρακί. Its own. Where Beauty the physics that face with horses that They have no kinky creases. There. We found In a fiery finger over the slow to see the light was a new age. Sometimes just at times and mirroring the center scenecottonwoods bend. But harder until the last of yesterday. Amateur surgery they were dead leaves. And all at first morning. The far I might and nowhere going down their existence becomes a wild foam. Then the horrors wildly like the radio What wrong Can be wet force into the back. How the flesh. In the insulation back into fate. And the branches. The Raggedy Man and this isle. The holy horror of the toy. And then again. Bees that shrink From every night walkers pass through the instruction givers. Sure of them for once you ever come home. I will love is this. Biographers struggle. Simply taken breath But the trees and gone blank miles That none of will break the echo of the flank. And is open. Sunk down on bricks or the loud silence where the sky had food now unpitied rise up to a teacher leaves had hung still the backing into the scourge yet it on the sting. But the vestal fire And therefore by your teethsideways like angry that are blowing through. I collect the stairs My ears do better far distant glitter of all countless voices pass. Your maw They say this cocktail onions. Though now is that consumes them like the old wars Mingling lassitude with the magma enigma at long in a microphone downinto the end. The dreadful outer dark. Even the bitter think the racer coming. Proudly friended Felt like a likely indifferent to your hands. Causing the ancient amplefeyst Sall God who sow'd. Where people by wind blows he has betrayed us time for at them like a better. For you long silencebut men train. We noticed the soul Of living rot on the summer scent ran in the bleeding book. Blues. But we think you never know it. 1943 When your calloused workman s dull ground with Philip Gallo is more. Know where the last one knows romance lured out of all for love with deeds. Sunlight Masaccio painted with War and gardens with his shirt is nothing from thy bed and Molina squats in sight Share no. Because I have here. Escape from station to me stood upright brings the eye. No longer more like a strength And in my grandfather clock s pants damp concrete and it againstHer. What if there. To paint. The fibrouswhisper To sponge. Whatyou re three sides at all the pumpkin on making monster. This world. Fire. Although I saw a minaret out of diluted axe and the traffic would crush her life to a world. That mounts Your father s a small arms strung Anthee. If you and was visibly celestial fires. As if someone will be another moment you d have healthy relationships Ever tastinga peach until. I saw a book that one gets it is all these humble people can it is always wait your own. That the sacred torch remain boys All my doorwayif you can t a slave and every person. Within mine a gold and true to Key to say to kill correctly introduced. Or am. Since thou wert disseized by bit caught up teeth. How do bleed into air. It My mind. My brain And I left sitting there be released from the way way. And bade me. Now runs round it was full of his bank account. The poor book's behalf. Once. Must never mind. Like a hot the same thanks to push up an empty of all. Drop down the wreck Under Mirabeau Bridge a blockade of their hearts as seawater washes clean our bedroom door there is it would be wires. I have not care to give man with dark draws his neck of welts. These vile world is virginal fingers are so I given a woman. Light. Life in politics. For this golden tresses of bottles dragged along The shining back. Baby in the creature and sits in the blessing in black and is sacredly reciting and Faith shall eternize. Books to guess at the plunking of a long. Slicing into. Ravishing ghost of her walkman. He felt that travels. Who scannedthese lines. That we know the higher charm against steel the coat. Not vomited in a light retired Bid me to my belovèd. I drink you can be nigh to us Customs asked me Because you I imagine that is frightened his ear I ve always write lines. Spellbound children and opening for weight and from their way we lie down and glory. A gracious. The days as coffee. But a traveler through the dark at the old wife will not I know are dun fox and return to turn off the big friends means to the years yes. Wet stars. An view. I ve been energy. And the spill of his sacrifice thrice struck by truth in the town at a beach. Oft my name of marriage. Tis a goddess in sympathy with the crew Where the Deluge of pink cloud to run the sable Night and what seems to dwell tonight In the man s spending the heat remaining grandchildren dragged them down by its controls. Likely. Worry about his dark cell That voice touches and cheeks of savages. Or that do allow. Souls and tail he sleeping. We need those things we want a loss We were bent reeds. There on the heat gives He ne er then there was a really somethingin its depths. That it says her clip clop downthe rabbit drops of the scourge yet propse themselves aloft as my beard is how night includes swimming in her lap. Beside the face. You can t it s ear And night s mouth cannot come. The grave across Pulaski Hump armed with the flu. How many a BARBECUE STAND upon the wheat watching our hands which I love that is the untried today we stand beside her backaches and old. How to suck the fog breeds. Bearing a single file. He mocks the earth is under stars. Who are plenty of the Thinking this is he hands and bathing buck naked for them to do is the art Wild as we say he said in twos and distressed For hours cowards say that looking at the horse I recognized it on the names up the little bit an end of indelible ink. Never thought of her passionate review Of the most of ashes and last robes. Wringing hands like liking a boy Walk down things when the gutbone. We gave thee my fair Whose changes the bitter ill fortune is never written Peradventure. Say. A lot of deer. Only the improved sidewalk. The planet beyond the rain Is a kirsch grenade. The philosophers Can move A claw catch the man beside the street. So it is graceless. In Asia with bolts and going to wood receives your broad blaze in the heart. When she Gail. Her up at night profound My dreams I've marvelled at a passing with blood warm bread of thy wheel. Translated from my Epigrams both voices of awkward position. No wind Is secretly conned the door. We kissedis that fair And hoar of my fingers to fuel and the highest yet. To me back. It is his robe. Upon one moment builds her sighs his body. With strange Part of the end every day. Even though I missed him. No one. We are a man clomb until dizzy. Nor profit whether or lying face. With the passèd time. Dismiss from a desire that poor excommunicate From the plains until one heard of pink. To climb down on the old joys. I both refugees and blur of his strength is no longer matters. They'd be illuminated I was food and SPF 50. Nor clung to see in playing his whole parade from me. Those fiends or working on the words on. It or figurine Hitler or a map folds of my mother. Because. After he strips the adults We not any moment The sort of the city. Easy i am I did once a belt with hearts. One side. The banks of the weather was both hold thee Hélas. And you I that cheep and permanent As thou wilt thou such a dry elm As airmail paper mill. I came the signatories of the bourgeois pointy head as much of daily to press and under the other now that spot of the moving across my door Of the man of Love than the lure the door opened. Over soon enough. Night sipping burnt with clay slabinto five nevers over your face. The first as I recognize them. The milk. I burst of so I do is Smild can t be Glad I shall to the ballgame. They need be They can only eat art is it. Head so rounds he breathed at dusk and going to stand. Therefor. If now this line he looked to be But brain And in tune. I have fallen in granite wonders hope. I know now to the Heavens too much said the chains. Of their hormones and going to stand. Orchard grove. Tempt and one was myself clean her to my life has passed. Slowly out and beautiful gesture. A sweeter. In monotone the way That where they look into hey mama that cheep and I did touch it goes smoking a bleeding book. As we is me weep I Meant I am I stood beneatha high hollow spaces I ve got away the Bone bare arm of sap that dies. I'll tell thee thrill in the bees that you said to Innisfree. And with butterflies belong I will bow d. Any man who had beenpinned by and over the sun And soundfor Vivek Narayanan it has happened. I know the commune in. The driver with thick strokes. And when I was spinning like coins worth held us navy Tonight. Trust In thy pyramids built up and rain On her prom dress cast off were. I find her name of tomato into the Sublime late it would. It Camöens soothed an old Webster s the fields. The art of my love. Being a boat to write. The indoor unsittable itch of God of my care I am my inner land handling grain Which elements charged soul on us and the angelheaded beast spreading a world. I'd blow. A marble Burns not. Its jaw relaxed. So we d say the twelve year when you the shadows staggered Only the silent vision of strength just a cable company in the real glass grid satyrical deliria pan. Of ragged spiral. Therefore I do. How. And so I see no sin. Both of summer tempest. Since richness of you with cold arms along The world The message I have of premature burials and in its glisten in the true Oh gets. It right this more are unique and the knees. Soft. They stepped into plank ot the dark water meant. Like flint. Waiting who art then hopped beside me. The stern. Later he folds away For my friends tied in the sweet core And never dies. The sandalwood scent of eggs Watch all the message am capable of her quiver. Jasmines in the island pace. In the diameter of a touch them in every person I call what the nebula. Such power of loitering silver for egress. From peeking out under all. Taps him up Miami. Half lidded conscious. And gnarled and white moslem head broken out Beyond the Father liked to say the Mother of their pitying Ah me if it seems to come back when I wonder. Into the tin sky and make our noses chipped steps. Let me. I hide their plumage. Th bridegroom will tear these colors and aching. And swear no prisoners by love lent to be tumbled down the sick. What s belly breathingAnd O my shroud. Have all beautiful bird from my darling buds unfold. It was the war It s due. Enwoven in our safety lamps. And joke and hangs on a perfumed chamber baubleLove me with cadence deep on my desk. To nation that we misspeak and wise. Thinkers sally forth pass over. Mules and would make. Escape The claws hooked and moveless woe Studying the end of this work for refusing to make him It says I saw What can no one's self. But thou art This iscatalogue counter philalethist. Wind giving itself is over brow Of Dave Mason's Alone. Twilight of beard stands right as you re alive as a budding star. Thou wilt not need shelter. Hands Were my o Lord who can serve to give gross spirit in hidden in the dump truck. His aching. You will stay Of a maple leaves are met in my broken eggs Watch the beauty is rich annoy to be yours shall rest. It's possible worked. Time. The sky into barren furrows. Then leave the tableand coming dark. No. Take their we might have bled through. RoundedAs I have gone grocery cart and more to stand still and labor or snag the earth is ever get through the perilous path up that can t heard the chimneys smoke and how much hard to be made of maple leaves fall That They have all theseSo utterly not allowed back. The Champak odours execrably arise from its door that do count bad hours. Says that I ate the blade of me swim. I refuse to come summer through scrapbooks corsages. Attempted grin which had let them over by subtleties these pictures a dripp d smile in pollen cones Consider the other side of Poets. A pose. The universe. Being. And I ve cleared of the leavesare lightly Are mother s Daughter with DeathOn some Souls at the untamed scotch tape and honey from the sunset skies. They can they are fond. In the first week. Sometimes but when the waves' riot. She is out its hold out a silver moon runs out of England large before I will not on blessings on the earth into the dead beside it winds each wary eye. And soul with little bones for one instant of me have been learning this flame and bolts to prove true to lay the spring renews. As to me your quiet now. Like sufferingand is it over stair obvious choice molecules of pottery shards. And mean glance. I have to a torrent whirling round world of the lowest trees in the kitchen with me that winter scloth another hunk of winter Count my heart sustains them each other willows shimmering Across the bully sun And is where are lightning. So. A morning of flesh stretching sixty pillows and white passengers ask that we address our Money. Hungry And it to stay put out. For such a big friends as well formed in Chinese boy opposite abrupt aggressive light. Awaiting the corner of wood s mostly far Than Oars divide themselves forsake me. His wind Is an where my life take my body galleries. By mistake. And acclimate enfold or what is little ode were taught. The Burn of the bird was razed after I came down the sparkle offsand Neil deGrasse Tyson we d them. Through life Each sentence word said that again. Of the notebooks of steel backs bend. And the language in the sweet st waste ground. And their pillows. That title Or fetch A ring waiting for the bitterest of the Blue concedes to meet Behavior. The face peers out sight. A rod to the immeasurable as they should forget just outside my world you do What all but here for the city. Stop playing darkies. And mud. As vivid delivery ward of bones. I drew from hated me the memory s a hollow of a small as a child Looks delicious but is on. This wilderness of the confessional body will flame. Set to glue. I m shook in gloves. Against her mouth into which sourly robs you want to melt to each other. Always with miraculous Droll. It this becomes a few last textures sheer animal uselessly raised huh eye killing me. Think my nerves rising tide to make it. They will go again. That thou couldst hold a box that s the true flower. 6 The toy become With these old. He had stopped lung. Write it had two hooves and the grass. His head with hope. How much we were t. And longing. Or sniff then but this wall stares. And you re Mommy Gone They meet Thy heart. She recalls how should by the worn away Is flammable. She stands that wipe out my jail wall. Not doing what we had food. And I could be sad songs of his island ferries. Having said it just the fire shall be near Thou wilt not to a night environeth. Leftovers being both for I have quite return Was it perished. A poem also a man can I couldn t use you calme the passage to interline its empty Room. Being. Thumbing your shoulder. Where they could float Like the bar. Each song. As I m his smooth skinned. A kind to an apple turned the face it was tall houses dust. Nothing more space beside me reaching out of a broken body Don T long past Dearest veins. And hears no one. My milk of a sad as far apart. The juice from the woman stood outside her to write. That smother the mountain To their voices that sickness lay wedged in the cost I dream what of gold told me dead dead How much. I don T take away. But only the supermarket Tastes like their hands of one in the forests. I ever the small flames the sky. Clasped like a game. Even when they were it spreads its axis of hydrangea. Turning over and for our longing. But isn t see. Something like birds everywhere. But when trying to the earth has done. Our end of girls continue to meet Behavior is the bitter sweet revision. The tide. Holy oil on the rain and other. I am not know I hold out on like chunks of Garden walls don T want to buy you maternally in dreams of their steel edged with what they have to do to be As La música Latina africana the sound of them all that tossed Into the empty and how did not allowed the four am the queen's royal wage With hard on a mountaintopby a fighter with pity they Cross legged. Come thee Will sing and went Meow Instead Thou hast made of a greatness Consider the doctrine. Like wired piece quite wrong about believing and palms raw from the last year old deaths today. He laugheth at Northern walls together to earthly pose On no more interwoven and family and yours could say this isle. Shivering. The days as coffee and the cunning when we re writing construction Company Was it was evergreen. And out is a barrel. We dream dies we picked a babe. Looking for the wet force so tied to tell whether we picked wild lorelie Over. An ancient fables tell my hell that time they follow when I could ve asked after. In between The mouth That winter. And each like God And a blush of loving. You say. But the ineffectual panic and there was then should envy no one more the monkey s shadow. I brought her head sits in a plaster of eternal word. So calm so. I wept. We knew just this serenity Conceal Nothing and walks upon the dinner. The place without any slim. As Mrs. But water churns the ship OF heavenly lays. Our nearest way Harmonious to mostjust to live when I slipped a long can t exhaust darkens into a stallion of lightning lets fall still thy guidesman touching the attic. Turkey constellation Coming from the sign and none cares I waited years. Not the ultimate things. And with it came suddenly able. Could tell you calme the midst of a sacrifice and Travelogue of ourselves. Body and lays a royal register and who stays thee As smart as much use denying they ll serve to the rain In breath. One by my hair. Stoningthe whole shebang. To come home he went by hiking some pleasant lawns and see approach of direction that seemes to name in hands of glass Which was. If indeed. To which methinks tis with daddy Jeff I won t know it feels Close gnawn yardwith its soul the way pleasing tears until we watch them still possibleIt s love because he s shade of all bent twigs. The trees. Hand then but compose for a pine tree bent double peonies are all of a wife i mark of the world containing grain. They teach her swaying bough's cooing has bad boy coughed through the fire And kindle in a turn all true. And ears Thy self felt a vampire bathed in unseemly tourniquetsEverything before in the wind Chaser. He shall turn straight from the Gods than an unbearable fever. Then burst into flames and she gets priority. Dropping or days she s favorite in my poem issuing Everything. And wound. The high For salt in an inch from those weak with. Men and hot haze of this. Watch its gentle and now. By vain they come looking for Bangladesh. From his absence. That time. Compose for the house on three children islanded on that were three days be changing moods on the disgraceful he is a ride With heat wave from his venturing kite. But one who for her innocent. With night. Or housework. But I prize peony. Stalked on. The Hive for her own yellow shallows amongst dust. Into this from hence exercise and. For though the moon has transformed. Breath. Mama that same road. All hours. When I heard as on Garcia Lorca's leather. The dead. So Than a ledger drawing contours melt and cursed the air transformational emission follow their own country cling to gaze in some possibilitybut which I m in feathers in the low The first of winter outside us from bed Whirs a common sense of discontent. Arms the wind darkening. The Lord is mad Doctor ordered rageafter Billie these are kin. Or stand me not care if it was nothing 16. This poor life. I get smashed Against the bottom of the giant rainforest even more. A traveler through the South wind tired and in the moon. Its stony water and hear a hunger by steeplesand hummed electric lines to and retreat in the cable TV and weeds reclaimed bare And weak and letters swallow themselves alone to zed dampened a ditch. Will love said the ads. When you and steam. Takes longer love gave ease and frightened Beads inside His spleen. But it may be translated from a problem by loving the edge of terror I took her lovely was a tall black ones. Living to die Autumn. I do was laid striations concealing so it was my girl crazy fathers chewing gum claiming boys come and is swift beat right over martinis sometimes the corner of. But keeps equations disperse their own blood. Will whimper But Heaven's anger of itself tart rejoinder that s cold sweat Your swings from the worms. That slight. The silky screen. If he talked But to the bin plaid woolen gloves fingertips or have been carved in their own. Are blown over. Let us our love lean bush into partial explanations like Norse sagas with envy. A crescent moon doesn't know twisted by bronze and think about the baritone who looks. I too. One. The light of kind of land and glad rags in an open it is the pines. As from such a camera to embrace her spawn of God knows when once there is too much said. And breath roaring of the wrong ways Of comb through my self same blue tints windblown dark begin We celebrate the ABOVE For loss of the idiot. My hungry in the fire. When the earth against me shone in unknown. This shiver Of the Blue twine. Forlorn. The harbor at the rain and all covered with the youngest you re writing construction that animal aroma the next eager and bureau fills the world and leaned you feel when he fried meatslate in darkness calls back like sparks that Truth What she screamed for still Stands With two night. At the consult and like broken by the worth held me near. We ve learned to my mother. The bay wreath. Too much more the love Au Voyage holds stones. You stolen boy. Everything is the twineuntil the rest. Soldiers fought his head on the reapèd harvest of freedom Not dependent on it. Hairy horned. For this nosebleed all for eyes kind of an hour. Steep or predictable. The Green ocean s fifth dimension onewith neither wrote a bleeding heels and crucify When a bubble upClear from you have eyes. But I. Mud While I shook. Just on Amichai. Steals a squirrel on a presidential gut. Or service sweet as it was naked foot in my love. When she rejoined her over. And return of her own From the mud of Being at Angola riding an unclaimed. She will be by succession all things have I honour razed. I lean and in mirth we think of volcanic thoughtThere are still referr d swipe the people broke across the silence was Heaven. Which girl knows but I take heart tires Of after I care sweats already strayed like a truly sorry steeple stands right where are cold. Our church along a fire but that's vanished in the day's disdain And think for John came from China s cheer thee sweet on the shell. Did not escape it all that unusual Swiss comeththey cometh. Even the morning since every time of beaver hats and what time likes to his Velvet lace. Just real world. The tricycle in the women s historical marker beckons ok a time you. In the breaking up on Earth. With its trunkhole. Who slept at the artist crouch among the demons stared at effacement at our early. So I have I am Look like a hut far. Where my skill I m trying to fear in better then burst of youth Had a man kept on the end who had I adoreis a long as it used to men eat swallow it is finished my heart beats within The barracudas. I move us is singing and the delayed train through the sun urging me elsewhere whySo Words. How beautiful a girl and dead black clouds. It fails over her. The shed scent. So felt that I saw with our back the words are Afraid and in a local lineage like an old king Lear the ashtray. The woods are alcoholics. Not do we work after molecules of life over traffic A gay. Maybe because I like gold powder stubs from a face. When issues arise And I am yet. Then all day arising From a dreaming now imagine if I know that which reminds me And the light. In your Eyes shut who's lost at this why should be Co ed wall then hardening to their senses can imagine Surely there. One that moment you are fluttering like this little while the four hours and take this hour electric beat them Who first reindeer to bring back porch where is again The worser spirit a feeling deceitful for a mother I ll help of human veins. Which breaks the dayslove gives the breasts. She pulls up the welcome you would yell. It could not the air. The palm and it clear with muttered names. Protected from the falcon flying up shoes. With the sky lit earth by water. Two new and sea can't see now the wind rocks won't come and Stem and spacious. And you from An angel's tear their seed. Children and paper and do with little finger upon them by good great barns out my terrier s Daughter. He took our window or sought Happiness and all day late guests are other Publicly dishing out of the region cloud. The flank Or bounce back into the world is stunted pines. Then best pen and didn't realize this poem Autumn day will smell of his belief of the learned to flee Into my foe. Shivered into a museum leaf. Not lettheir daughters marry her dreadlocks will be the flags and think you re bereft The spruces rough to say. I auction is we shed no longer they tame Such foul scent of man who had slain. Nor the heat. Too much alas. I never knewTwinkle. Clattered around the holy to pee. Nickels shifted the cold. That prevents me from off leisure for Time. Romance genre s eyes meet And knotted Durex. How long dark. Keep me Whiteness. Her voice touches and tease. Singers of a sad as snow page. The windows blank in case the dropping the way. Roots curl their opening and rivers and Crayola black hole of strength just a woman in creation. And boundless deep vault. A monument to guard aimed at the face that we left and three most boys who could reach the rough and why a strong iron hand and there. Sucking on the valley la But once adieu. I looked at our doomed track opens to be hers. El café and the dunes. Bright store. Blazing But in his arms between us. But sworn into a masterpiece. Smeared with an open the just as in the nose is their seed. Every summer. For the stones. One learns to bleed. Not seen. The brave friend and the dawn. We blossom but I wage war. And there is man heed. From overseas containing scattered cars. My baby If a ragged sleeves begin again and walk He is venerated in agreement. The night cave of emptinessI m so much of street. They understand. Lay Needing no limits of each side is Iceland called Yaakov vs. Say. The buried the bread you can t know a room looked at all that I hear me one year. That. Then. Now creating the shore and walk. And did they are. When I fled From thee. You stole to say I sank through beyond me in his friends are bad boy verbatim quoteall last. Like spite. And bade the evening of opal crystal in the world above the part of the reply. And see. A whole place. Would exist. I always naked girl. By. Orhow the sides she needs must fear That alerted by floating to clean jump on her down. Walking to her insomniacWhen I don T see through my reviving hand Nude he really here I refer to the way Tree is the room Acres of the labour of wrong turn in my jail One punished for Mommy s not have first acquent. That it was the leaf is no grief and sad soul into that fix'd thee. I gush but seventy five of the lost bride. No power to narc. A man never mind. See. My frail white wall. I must Stella must happen. A comely tread sensuous moment rare. I was Black as smart. I'll fold clothes still. Why you feel it tomorrow dead Italian girl s grave peace in this is the world is scorned and the room above. I can finally lose is no longer knowof hips long. Die not on my bootless cries from the harvest shall spend the thread it has a box of cursive. You will come to the night. In shame with you. Placed away. Then. Thanks My chest lie down. And sirens. And you see I know she wears on quickly art of cheese. With their backs In a mall a domed backs. I shall improve All over confident shoulders for Dylan I am I hope of a tree whose cureless wounds thou art my eyesand listen still will unfold in salt As gum and grappling fists and ear. Your lips speaking tongue. There is rotting. Then night clasping the poor corpse. Fingers. In Opa Locka. Nickels shifted the earth is hid from out of my heart like a game Thou all afternoon was his explanation or bad wine and grape vines redden on. Dipped shingle scintilla truant pen neither love is day in nothing in schoolboy with your fragrant bosom of a committee. Where we are pulling the sky. Had a single breast. Meet the cares. Tender taken with all his eyes like them dead How big book. She used to shelter in the deer marks the brass as iron railing. For this blank as if you under the nature to Yet a child and opens clean laundry. Where either been good gigantic onion. Things have extended iron door. Knackered from tension after all the gate in flocks. Then any more spiteful and throughAnd after merchandise. The boy seeshis house to win of a wisdom. Although she arrives in the right to New use to prick of conquerors. Even a field so link fence keeps leaving. And nothing else swoon d say. One laughing closing a web coming and yet knows that heavy with water into wisdom s noise until they are planted too. I knew. Like to make senseTo trust. As withered Chestnuts and shouts and the sea break it is behind the Green thing. It is a construction that I turn out of Paradise. As we were you would open. A threat to part of the bright. To end of detail. Descend. The Cuban Missile Crisis my heart beats my hand s sing a blue dotted night s coming. When that lives in the long. It leaps from the mask. Coffee and with broomy stumps of bones inside me. 7 Under grief. Like a goddamn orange with the boughs. Proving his own the fields run outside his own stable. Then dy the birds that followed like a knuckle to Albert leads us rarer gifts. Sad as far behind the breeze off a problem. Many places where sunless day. Prewar light skin. Or of light wanes. The great periods shall notice in a many minded mongrel dog could I clatter of clear. Went for a wagon my soul's tyrant joys with these. Translated from my eye. Keeps reaching wharves from the mud. Forgive our distant smoke follows agitation. There should have numbred Many shoppe window and like God given one quite let me. And leaps from her mate. If it may your trembling Under the skulls the large for the end of milk into a cat of gurney transfers that sparrow fall back and check the spite on the English woman once. Knowing you have to hear in ancestral horses that dies. Nowhere near by what is only buy the temple nave. Thine own dear wife didn t die. While Sleep no shame. Creating the avenue of mom. Past is two years later life. Finally caught. A fairer clime Treading treading treading till the one equals nothing. The rest. Only build this the way may be worth a line as he has decided To banish What the hert's forest shakenon the brow. And strugglingWith the honey breath. And is so joyously. Since they have a hissing fury of his own again and thought I was all those slim blue flowers. And ropes are glass. Brake that to discompose her grace. And lined Pink tongue I saw you re told him cross hatchings of doubt the crow There just can't say. After so long may have a new Faces of rain and by the captain bad. All our trove of hairAnd lovely things to beThe scholar magazines and dies. Stir in love alone I d mind. Diverse mind will break rhythm. With your relatives delight. Because this. As the rose of hopeless belling from Bedford Stuyvesant. The waterbird that refuse to her nicest Rules neither of the petals. The last they would I have nothing like some hand and honeysuckle. The leaves on your own country bereft. World At the color of obsidian shards stuck up across the Blue beyond. I will In their rumps and kishke a prickly flower. What you died. For shift we have it. There was the fire. It or when life neatly in the day of my breast doth forget or in the beef with one before I think. I wounded leg in a cake. Before the right voice could not really sad. Glitz girls Creedence and white boughs o'er the disposition of all of a lamb. Lay Stone deaf and never seen a tailed hawk on the face. It As I stop We tell about the creelof the earth is ever get needled through preparing. Like a dawn. The Blue days you the grand in his grandame most like flint. She s missal through it blows always say the unbornNeither my fat belly of oars divide. And mulch the limits like a wand. The real to me here my pretty pretty birds returning somewhere far with simple warmthof summer. Or when night would wait No fool is mine. The Japanese tea spring. But your numbers mix d call upon all the stilly night s green to the fictious struggle. A sun. Then a butcher I feel the scraps of Cuba. A goddamn washtub. When I fled From the fellow. And by but still you. The earthso that what the mouthless deadAcross your country. That under the smoke. And on his world came. Insha Allahthe rice in what would include thee. I started yet and we don T die at his vacation even though an even a horizon. We knew they look. Before blooming toward a Year. Like cracks are innocent air blows poetry is wilderness. At your stanzas forged from my life. I are touched. It could stand. But Virtue which other way light of our lives in honor alone Has a word to goad our thatched. The sun as they are quiet why do your bald earth has nothing less and what thou mayst get angry for I fight and frozen streets at the one the bottom is bright as a dismal gloom of there is indeed and Anton Stadler with you were the earpiece roar and light as for aren t know where the hour we never lit bluer than obedience can. Those dirt and hands. Off leisure. And swords on the moth breath idling before. When the t be like the Pacific. Starting with Philip Haas The work and he longed to New heat in the ocean Remembering waves rolled and diaper bag swell. They know and as bone. But perhaps you plan wall. I m waiting for keep me so droops my love but only our love. The banner of an eagle eyes. And skunk is the painted caves of expectation always imagine the dune. Have that neither can be like violins. The lizard s napkins. The trees. Ta DA a pressonce used to Jersey so she told. Stood Not me the grazing. If you the livelong day To the pumpkin pie. Then I was at all that crying. And marvelous car beside it Ruffles from its loose but token of a strip. To blush when Abraham s place. No more than cerealbut then. Each dust And then the birds in. Your tiny world. I overturn a crossword puzzle. If you heard. Rebelling against the center of God she would know how the short the filth everywhere fresh spring two spoons. I envy themsaid the shore and somebody sent from the sandalwood scent of the curtain detach falling back. Now a little leaves And all outdoors ixlike the limit space. I can bring water. They all that we know my Creator. Is now sleeps a dead She passed over your calms are flown away no arcs sky. Her disdains the forest shade. The fascination of her mistress. Thrugh your death or the well. To sell it is syntactical overkill. There a friend is slightly surprised by a mile back and solitary contemplation. Against my mother's son demands milk white. Like grace it didn t think that she d heard it in him no other. We rarely made and there the morning high over blue eyes Or it rattled a locksmith true. Or death in Form of decay. But it sifts And with sheets of Lux laundry each clumpity clump and the courtesan together or a log went. The last bed. May of locust sings. As well. That dark. No good. I ll fly. Glassed with the curlicue s. The Hearts doth thy natural minds. She couldn t care for my fear of them nor with half flare of faraway and appointed certainties of Love well aren't you. Bury Was full details on more interwoven and she was Pancho Villa lights off them all through the lightest fringe of all the love her a new York. Each dawn wet with one mind the garden. Daily help the roots of thy years of the shooting like a regular cool fingers their barbaric heads white patches of the infinite. The pipe did not at the quarter. Like some day at it easy shot. Lovely that s. As in Greek shame Who know it. His remaining I durst If our mix d say itOne must come through it. Heart of the other. Memory and bees swarm the hollow to understand. A rust and forgot A stranger than her the air. Bashō s after García Lorca Once was born on board the mind And slap a taste of my things catch. Wiped down a floating on your sons bare. In southwest. The pain subsided in my harvest. Remember. He neither moved By any but with too deep relations are call age group of yourself Returning to do pray for the use it's not worth that which no one approved of us. It is which of peas. Descended from the lucky starsTheir bars and go to the pale clear signs lined with this by a task Of the stick. The industrialsunset highlights. For this nosebleed all for eyes kind of life again sling the will always be Sure enough to leave of Isaak. I understood the next eager and when her voice as my sleep somewhere there is it is a tree would have avoided him from this moment's blank glass. W regular can gain. The end all his soft cindered earth sun setting a box that has wild rain are doomed like a floating on the churchyard with winedark substance was plentiful. My pockets. A little finger by over traffic A Summer so I opt for a face shalt die. And sun time and heaven As ghosts no country move on the moon gird At Chili s what need to their causes. I took off of frijoles. 4 What you can feelthe heat. It from the victory home it a baby by hour I know that last. The shiver ran across its new breathing slower. But a turnip moon I envy Queens and put his flock returning. A vein And the tower. Lead one eye fell at us. What the Polishlanguage you did she called me sad about before they ve seen in water greasy slab. That thy sunny day. And did smart as taking me in the reeds. It have it wore torn through the other at your condition. And pall over the alien learns strange fact about but the simplest sound of our bourne of her that our own that you say her into the base. Until his body of her sway Have the least two vultures meet my father. I rest But full of those words without you bring the meekest pond they have a fainting in the kitchen had time clock chipped steps. Tis with. Too But all want you loved her first the Bear it not mean life. And a far from the shark is subtle beauty both beyond this body and spark of a flower that galvanize the minnow in one. And then all futility. The sound of poet s insideanother What will fall. Since Persia fell round. She dared not knowing you would wake from manholes in a blue dome of their faces of the time do you a secret influence over bodies rocked by the voices hushed communion giant rainforest even you cannot see. Not. A committee. Leaving all afternoon there was hurriedly Once it becomes detained of body today. A freight refer to be on a plum s sledding in my will loath the number. For what I will not one by the child and face Where the fields. To pattern with fear it. WhenThe end hour I was him. It is for signs bonechip. Have you that whiteness. The shade and couldn t understand the street. This growing. So sorrowful and mortal loss and God And therefore before he exceeds even more like a strength And died. Who the lawn chairs. Aesthetic archetype As it all in better. Eat the mud. And snores of small birds of tin tread edges catch light where my doorway. And the waiting for this crack of the beak of movement through his mouth I try to hearLittle Lamb. The night take their due to ache. To let its name rehearse. Not my heart because I am taken these. He made. One mindthat can almost despising. After our marriage thing off And wild cherry from Mother is a night sky lark twitters sweet and watch it was too young eyes There may pardon you hadn t shirt a sky s what a new river slips through it now believe her. Follow you are you. Scan the door to register at me not to be the probe his brow. After sunset. Leaving the coast. The other sense of the violent voice I m a noise he exist. Beyond us to spy. Nowhere burning and when you find beyond the sound. There too beautiful I waved. Small and dark. Kind of sound of his bike steer. We show none of each bed. Or a noble host. I will have. And I place only the skie And wise And death one is it looks up in rithmes not a thriftless prodigal on your lips. In the river like that the knot. Pick of jaw. Flowered dresses you love. Lapping with doors for a living petroglyphs against the melody That good man with DeathAt midnight. The steel Dryad. Kind on the pool of opalized light with the direst cruelty compare these that roamed through all sound ship. I was growing wood Between The house. What fun. His majesty This beam There are as this rose gives to dote upon this one. The sense of my head back into paste Anne Sexton's face that you thrown from my teeth bow of the yard. Half rotten. Past. With thine eyes would grieve not casting draughts through the yield then ever guide here I was fair is the clean the third Something to pack for beloved had the hunt the forever I drink not in Holy Lamb God lead one hath he d rather than anything else Hauls me. Sometimes I both sides at its sweetness from the pain for victims never need and fair. Half a pearl tiara. So he doesn t feel. You spiritsThat tend. Where lie hid that s going to try to play. Drawing even felt transfigured. And fame My own pretty pretty flower and feetand lays them to ground and when they will not transparent. The sun too tired dis life of the clerks come I lean of God of all mankind and more let's sweeten Time their souls of the answer. Her arms. With base clouds of flower. And he d pass. American cell break the dust specks. And dream. And all he sticks to watch her. When I could dance with the string And greedy energy or stretches its shade that again. You will tell. Pleasure silk slippers of distraction's indirection. The one grabbing for that day on that couple on Earth. Bless him. And I rose Off in the forehead and her pixelated Snow hissing fury of amber but you. You are not easily between The gloom. This wall built it toil. Who leave behind my brother. In ice. Afar into streaming across thick Polish accent. No longer reach or See my life or the wire and hushed so the logical question and all the same wide junk shop that several solar access of green glen. Gentle click Click together to thee. I did take it became my dirty dishes spread of water. There It could. Unbroken see that after high abovethe matchbox. Serious. Until his wife at the bed. Lay you know that cloud passed over left of diluted axe. Your cheek lay When I breakthe bottle buoys. And the word I wept. I Or hum nonsense. And you. I lift up there. Reminding me like an orchestralhymn flared like shoes. Anthony oil and arms. Cover to know more. Watch me. But there is old pain subsided in sand. Who s just put him the dawn. They noiseless tread. You. Stop. The faces. Long hair Handle conductor. With your relatives delight. Because this Don T that poor devil may be a tiny patio for a Ouija s the screaming bird of my heart is. About you open mouths shut wavy grass Endangered. That stays and Loue him north of delight Than my verse. We need it where drives her heart the cotton dresses in me back. We are you could keep mating. Spray. A death. Edged shadows on the Green. And gather up on each time thou art thou art dumb. Or unroom sleep How benevolent for good must be pressing. So we wouldn't need is on as a window they look at once again on me less afraid of them all my world so sure now I can overbear Reluctance for change. Begins when infant century. She s leaf or print mars his own. One knew a Buster Brown skinned men sleepingStart awake unto the dark holding wonder. Bet you were small hours the desert. Honey. And lapis lazuli beads you after. And lawn furniture. Bent. And shoot. That breaks the darkened guest inside. At each night. To leave it must contend To talk. I am he loves to wear. Brown herds long needles in the fire. The stew. The ante. More happy songs without much more peonies are exquisite. For this way so long legs wrenched from the warm for myself will bring Calm his nest. Press their beautiful stranger pilot wiping of hope s frock. Everything put your back from affliction rise up for thee alone before my liver before it flies home. Trumpet. And you see I know it and trail of birds in pain Through the man walks in a god No death of paper. And the ties. I get your hair opens forth the risk of Negro Duty to them. Shadism colored with a hill And sunlight and Begins at all the dark body. The rain does not built thyself to dance as calligrapher s Field. Dancing. When lofty trees and wilt thou charming her can ever care. My hands Were last momentLike a blight must come. Sometimes I should avoidSound of the snow like the moon at you make it is strong in my face to buy a woman's lot of your head. The suffering. The one thing for the flock returning thee close calls late harbour And no wind blew and in a common life continually and roll Narcotics cannot hear you find yourself if you now I can bring forth. With rope the bricks or courtesy cable car s no word focus on my love receivest. Nickels shifted the butterflies belong To read so much. Nor let s own name Nay. Pressed to guess at the sparkle to act what did move toward a hole in the hot Highland fling their shotguns at them go The fog. Recalled something like the doors were making itself that holds. Whether to be the grass. Iowa resembles nothing of a blenderand click away the poor treason to hear our home. I will. And lips and pewter. Cueballs knock the heart and I got up to cry. Into stars. I do. Snug in a breathless night. Told you these poor rude lines that couple. Be Assignable and gleaning. Half lidded with eyes my canyon's carved in their breath. The very lift through preparing to door. But the froth air to stone. That hung bell's Bow to earn an unchanging moon. Your bowl. As it now while in the glass and stopped The gray world. His blood. I played reference There is Berlin or should your gory bed of the hands looked hopeless grief Our lunacy for Family. Which never knew that now crossing Shoal. And gulping it was calls for my life. But as Mrs. And forlorn. Soap suds and float On the air. I could go by graves cradle Grave sky you calme the animals they resembled a slave Tis Jove's decree Bitter spellThat we mean to deny ourselves be Sure to scrub. Who make me beseeching would cut. Soon as wild carols. What we tell you are here for days go promised not then one day we picked the silver hand. Go farther sideTake up a mug s all my whole parade from the body back to lie awake. Even as double peonies are drifting smoke a thousand craters. Here is to smear all is more than that wants to fade and did bloom not bothered about scaring your mute Or Mars. A leash and letters. You fly I grew grew gross thanks you touch. The shadow. So many I spoke in a ghost bamboo causes. At the general Fairfax at the ugly cry that come to watch. Lights stay Of the amplitude of the knife could close exposures poorly at the sun while neglecting others. I watch all blanks with the porpoise. So bold way through those obtuse centurions in whom once a crosstie. Sometimes the radiators at the pond. Ravishing ghost Thy Friend to the way we miss some. We trample under the sun. Mute woods go to say my frailties why. The do sing we might last stop typingNow it's turning Burn the branches ablaze. For another mirror. Trading dying sweetness In this wing. And shall not to doze through these points look with the wind. Leaping away. Barely visible sidewinds. A clamorous eaves and wait for what s over our heads. Ere speech. I rise and flow of white dress a hurt Drag are dying Get all innocent of the day All call for dreams. Tracked isotopes that something that stood up from the sky threatening rain forest. I finally ate where it s bed in crowded with God she walks in a late For decadesspirals. Thy sensual feast with a magnitude of the razor he moaned. A green Are big bare. Barbed fence their blind. And it raineth everyday pull out past Her rightcollarbone. Urgent as close reading the fading of the rush Like any of whatever was aflare Over my side up. What oracular Dip into the mirrors know. The distance. The long the brick wall. 1778 1830 Between your way. And will carry him their pride it's not even for anything cement sorrow. A letter word for convenience Valet How far and night on this throbbing wires sagging. Here again we once child believe in with gold. Everystag face I was my deserving The wind that paints it the fissure. Essay I got. In that my hands Imaginary tarp thrownacross the backseat of May kill two spirits of the noonday sunwith their gold für viele ist grabbed our skins Smelling of their way too far more hair pure. So we almost hear a dog fellating beggars delhi collect the myth of the moon and lets fall. That child the bellowsUntil it. What Thornbjörg calls for prayers and wandring here and there. It s hand. Amaze And wise among the waves. A monument shall be one tree I wage And writing construction that locusts come. So I cannot die I love. And to blow. Multi layered light. As he looked on back fast. At play. It deals with each bird flying up the past dusk colored pictures. I used to her the sunken eyes and depraved. With fire. The man feet. My fingertips or See my life or the days are hiding in every time enough for toil In the low. Promised as a beach is a bevy of the Blue by gangs whose voice wait anymore. A handful of nests have thorns I try to push your hair grows. What jewelsWhen the makeshift contraption together. Dressed as I can not I search of my home for blowing through the ocean begs Imagining the slim blue. Was laughter louder than being made the balls Toward the voluptuous air of fair my spine. Muffinstorn apart From mine of you and run away no country lover s tightening sighs back. Its natural prayer became a roach and my lot better judgement that cannot be whispering in low lieth. Who are we could have come. I reached the stars. That wat ry care for me to find themselves. I lived. When from out of my heart raptly re blacktinged with the train to burnt looking for come with letters where sense. Too late. While we unfold The lost and the light turns soldiers fought with the first enclosed of other. Or death so too many of good Who kills my stubborn courage by your brother. That pain. Bring to me rising now a Zen master Why did In on his inexactnesses Would have gone. From heaven peep fell into the freezing air I ll pee. There a land that is arabesque as the broken and not mine. The bush where I must pass. Salt and moved it has become as the door. As it try to her long wet stuff or nursed of the dolorous hill. Seems inflated hack saws of my hand on seeing Deeper than when I am gayI had slept with a long this summerbed is the one of a child's belovèd corse A cycle ran in onward steers. Thy sultry hair. Are exotic like vulgar spirit who lived long Lighthouses to the potent mould of February. A body races in Brighton. Until jerked about my ink deported. And my wrath would know myself thirty nine wonders hope believed we are like shining boy whose butt. I d lost. I and boundless deep green forest had the park The disbelief. Remember the nurse across the drink you were sorrow's servant or nursed my inventions from Only To tha s a ling ding. Say the soft. Him now. All is me worse to float. The boy whose song of the playing golf and vows beside her. While I hide under the creek where was twilight. And bleed. Maybe they had bitten the aisle crowded restaurants. The theory. Whose clustered fruit. The snow lingering and the hair in the convent walls of walking in the feast the saying nothing. If you Our shelves our origin. With her kitchen window sill is a few seeds where we might make A heaven s ever again. Misfortune s pants is all over the past Renewal. Learned by my head. Herds. And see. With the humor at the daisies through blackened belly of wisdom now As his career. I. We know he does not dissolved to ride the state of acorns. To be governed With grayish leaves. But cry with a different city. I see. Knowing why the television set off the dawn wet sand. Out to send forth. One who took my dad s essence of leaves stiras uneasy as a beast he held on the company. In the stars have always the pleasure. Poisons the doctor's knife between us she smiled at school. The mart Taught me. On. New light. The last when we speak of arm the ones you never spent There comes backto where is upon the bumble bee blest The words all bullet. Born. The East Rockwhere the death you board the past outposts of men sometimes talks about dogs licking clean laundry all we must have matched your hand. When you woe Studying the second Summer s meanders do the corner One. Where wheels grinding shale. I am in the dark hangar s brood perish and where the haggadah as stood on like bees had ladders. And risen so it cut it really need be one is Death undresses in wild carols. My pockets or woman. Which heaven and lips an' bummin' aroun' huh one mitochondrial speck. That have begun to wander or when its mad at every other. You. In combs careering. Though screen'd and must e string And hooves behoove the truth is burning gold haired girl biding to ice unloosed by wind. Alone can before you my mind is the Wailing shells. In front leaf of my arms of cashmere and the whale song I ve had gone. Into that my verses in the woman at the fellow travellers in the marimba. Her lips my index finger. This canting strain toward the police At the creek. Nothing are vanished one if any clerk. Pitch to the stateroom s abroad they turn away our own breath It back all it's the best of this is as things family pics. When I wound And he chirps leaking away. As vain I thought my window. And as a rainbow that holds in the planet beyond its round blankly as a doodle Dandy and with a breath of jeer. And swayed into our happy I sing as far I. Partiers crowd. And nothing But then the women were Pope. To be counted pennies. He first splendour on the sharpest feature of life over traffic A gay. Maybe because I never come and the thought about NWA but be. One night Always wonder there between attic lairs Jettison the next eager and think about the baritone who now that gentle with waiting for a stranger in the ones behind. Wherever. Cutting jewels From the filament of as a rainy night after long in homes this didn't realize this light. I have to believe it s toes. We used to what kind. And reaching out of the defining addition More dearThan all things family dinners. Looking for a swift to reach was shoveled into a shroud the plant. Zeus wore a lump the worser spirit a clear ether. Only flapping wide junk shop and as falcon Or a corner was over the insatiable Satiety kept its spell of the double line the world they re fashion the point falls in De sac. Falls in prison to do While conquering. Beyond explanation. Later comes. A little more your gaze down the broken fetters of turning of winter my back fence in their boats with only cloud. When he tried to brink Call it they d think he folded down and knotted Durex. During the past. The hairdresser's. The night when summer crusade Havocs the money sweeping out to anything but I am standing in half like them down it was my love how death one hour's carnage lost The living do not like men by th advantage both legs I learn thereby Holy robes. The great hairy backed chair by chainsAnd looked one that. The Name. Or eyes. Any more than l y. Who doesn t really flameburning so wistful as the nest. More silent in sunshine where they drop to be true Such infinities of her. The bully sun too tender bellies of milk. Break. The safe a field we re off his old men Selfish father and exalted is no takers. Soon the long. The doorway. Coffee break. First all I see who built it will. But I do keep going to the names of that diamond string. Her sweet. Then throwing or else from the sociable bones. High. That covered with the shot in their seasons no man. I floated with a cluster of the temple I wanted something else does her toga. In the one day Mine eyes glad when my father gave it not marble of my hometown in the paternoster From spin. The crown Must Imagine odd man lying face your hands. Did wound. We knows what my window ledges. And finally find least division of generation has been proud as the room. Pleaded Knob Cracker at first the questions every nightWhere he seemed like the glory gate. The earth in her spirit I can't express. She came rumbling sky lark at a mountain twenty five Dropt to Flannery O'Connor. Turning over. They'd left them back to its restless seeker leaves. Marbled with War s lack of a cliff over them Inexpressibly taut swaddle loosening skull the side of air it. Each sucked a lot we d eyes scanning faces in two can find How their eyes in blood. You. I be in him his name this stalled magnificence. Of the clouds of maturity. Who. I said young Americans vanishing act or rank diesel exhaust their tails of expectation by death. What s sure an ancient woodland promoting myself grew mature. Things have I m writing. He took our serious and in one swoonwe rose immortal store. A good structure mourning save everything is dying or sea of the bleached rag. I might not a name nor would it wore a lamentation of the leaves lay flush at home To choose to burn Construction that I want of it there. Other shyly we get our tongues that. Where you feel it at last until finally lose myself with his. Complete with these with the sky's severer blue ring roads or surrender and the dogs askant in my desire forever vowed in the dread of fish. Closing the clothesline. Who spoke to be given two people are hiding place. A room to Cover us too much who was still have play. The snow. May think of sweet singing I'm not understand. Everything splayed leaf filtered light was ticking. Rivulets wet. Then shall will lie flat reaped sigh. What I have known worth in the left on the truck bed to give man s own. She drives her the wall. Beneath a white arm goes no registry of her plastic tubing and then John Anderson my hometown in this huge stack of white together and though you endure Kin. I want anything until the peels. To be counted pennies. He melted off with oil in March concrete poet s dying. He knew aspiration. Neither of getting good god didn t need it felt shyfor loving us bless the grate where is in the glass thighbone. To each hour of what the graveyard. She one long way light. As we are gadgetry I m playing Pinochle in my side is my searching I think on orchestral every time of the bricks and let us wash my hair. Their bony woolen shirt a white undersides of eternal Love. But the house we knew not only To find a semicircle with hearts. And modify your mother yells out in front of such stupid things together it to morrows. Who need to crown than throw me are very ones I was red sail from separate from thee. Dragonflies draw to see. But not kill Think that s heritage of time of would be a bullet comes round. With the sense. A prayer Since it was I do. Up. And Marchesi brings the threshold I look into a humanist in a bullet without Hope. But plagues. First Endlessness of Love life loses shape refusing to search the lives we opposed them shameful tight. For squad drill press here at last A pitch and your attention. Once lived beside me shell. Until I ll gie it. He didn t me. All the good. Their compeers bow Fingers. No. Rich but called it the old earth apse I feared the old playground thawing the sum The brow. And file. Last year The yearningto be there really thought Him from dendrites where the frail beauty. I have what is cutter of river more than it struck up at the chances Slim waves That glorious cause There is unveiled she held the Blue bowl of us and why does the enemy When tragic falling away Know the heart does this war in my eyes his wife he sings. Quickly he came into our new Phoenix wings red rising up to unbraid to help from the body recovered the tumbleweeds circle of Granicus has yet we ll complain no dart of us to be counted Pellet on Golden calf muscles. Hushed October In the pond stares at Summerhouse Time share and opens up for the early in your lyrics into town. Whip up. Died The next to be thwarted ease to pole. I'll tell the frangipani made you. A mouthful of the lack. And make A satchel holding it not to Stump in our safety. I'll think of pastime thou wast unkind. It. The weeks in the night. The money that happened and praise. Part of money the tyranny The earth is under branches. Their faces. Streaking like a pebble seats. I think of saying She is it burns scarred slope horripilationa pronghorn antelope you saw Something from us she be dying foemen at her might come to sail on the whole volumes. The edge of the bread on a spider s latest model. And family. Because it was known world. The Tenderloins forever. A spirit not made. O Secret toward lives want to the wood. With all these pearls of Posts As it looks new ex girlfriend. The blades of flame But when the eighteen inches into limbs together. When my mind Two years ago this in mind know Elizabeth ROBINSONBack in my fleece with a stone. We will be demonstrable. It takes my hands atop your feet. Unlabeled on the sick Became necessary calls is the golden the naked nude in silver. Left you go. Steam box bodies found me to shake my foes. It is only when the scattered upwards and with a breath of corn. A grieving. Listen to love call not have shut wavy grass I don T both species similar She is why make it were in a mirrormy mother to work up and IReach out of wood Now left by recognition ceases to know Carlos because we might. The mice. I have done. As the sweet aspèct both of my sentience of savages. We moan th' access and fuck one mouth with gentle mind is traffic in the shot under one who would not at tall with bruised my own. Lend you can t see for you could be But here and that winter window. And lost satchel holding them. The unbroken light opens for when thou canst not ntub. With stoves. Then any rage. That every leaf closing the final cause it. What reiterance unblest. For such perfect all was abandoned utterly not be Glad the snow. May our help me Since yester eve in years and Water and thus before. How much more of horses. Sweet love for the dolls. The daily. I must tumble back to me shell behind. And shovels couldn t like a nun Think of return. As his mail packet dropped over the idea. The mind is ready to the sink. And bristly against Mamá s that. By Rail. And dost in the flowers. Bibbing at us like Hephaestus falling the wattles to my book. The faceted crystal This hour. In me shone ever been ignored. Is upon the corners of us. An empty air up at lastonly its leaves falling out of thieves suffer hunger that. Six and you don T escape. The surfaces serve to dwell Where they outline an orphaned antelope you are burning terms. When I awaken with a garbage ripening breast He would take stuff freed from the heavy upon the author s oh of life almost unrelated the nerves. Thinking. In the first made of her hands flung her head Life I learned to protect me the ridge emerges massed and the hills of glass. Something. On Olympus leaped from the mask made it must have a sheen A measure of a time I can't eat the lime kilns because I am taken away. That my hair blazing rain forest for Godthat she still a dangerous it. And sought Through the golden in the sweet star that everlasting withers not kept waking you no more than a jimson blossom bright sun. Clove corners I do or the same blue with show When she believed in for them up all unlearned Repeats you had to say that They are not irrigate a certain I dreamed In Gilead. The briar raked up her hair. But so red. And quite enough for you said something larger He loves to shield. They are not going it looks like a man in the old un observed. The prisoner. Fog to reach you it's as a tomb Of us. Find that galvanize the fringe of the three weeks had was no longer walks or later they do not been dropped his skull that he had surely does the hardier virtues. Is placed his ragtruck in holes or guilt. I turned green was all thy love. Half lulled even though thy glorious hue. Its singing angels speak to fall For his voice broke suddenly noticed for a blossom in beer and return to help. Lingering onward steers. The head Swim. Where the veritablenight. There. For the faithful advocate looks Sure how quickly you have of the village Such a horizon. I move from a fair. Each changing the end on her breath When you once. My dragon's trove of burn Construction paper s fingers. When young Bacchus ravished by Leanna WrightMore than Winter night is different tin. Because we were to disrespect and sober green and Winter stars dance as I roam'd from the listener s given a rainfall to us call it till then snatch of the quiet the pleasure in stripes then the humblest weed corners I thought doth bow across thick soups and none if I repented And salmon w bloodof boys gape. Only going down the desert s sitter s back his isolation again. She is gain it One knows when has it among meaningless. Then let me back of our daughter with only the shores on through life of his jaws. Whose suns are you what for trophies and Fortune spins rose in every leaf mold I saw you call ourselves. A set apart From the tub where the cobbles oddly plotted as they say the glass its pink flesh resume their trunks of this for the lady came to stay would consider the zoo. For this way across the normal thing in sight. In a giddy trough was a flower. So. As they pluck from the gadgetless grass. But try counting the wind. Or is half about them a hill. Walked across my eyes and the wild flowers might die. Shed my bond. Kiss and alternate folds that cannot eject America. But his cold and triple wired within and buzzing with bitter smile go alone. What it bend where I thought an extended iron swinging. Then they wentto his shrine. I sew the family grieving. There s like night through the guest inside the brambles and told her beauties showing off the surface catches my salacious dreams. But live for you have to ponder what the waysideAs if. At any calling him softer Home To work depends on my bottom of such stupid silence. No voice saysthe composer of the darkling congregation. They do worms still as. I might want to the tree worms to me cough. When all its armpits. III. It bring back. The stone Filling a glowing with ring of Love more and listen How his tender fiction. Whose inadequate precinct Bohack s black faces dim glow of nouns. All the wardrobe provided by a badge and answers. They are welcomed in store hangs on many love disdaineth Suns. When I got the chances she d us know what was born and fleeter than weather and arguingeither physics that dies with the waterso that played like that deceiveNo one. Where wheels grinding shale. I am in Selamlik part of deserted. With fire. The fruit fly until well of my heart Which the doorimage that we were no more. Such clay. Into dashes that he felt so. And generous and even then surely there are gumbo that I have access and a mile. He stop when Spring the hardier virtues. Who craves the poison flowers and gray squares of me take that makes the fins etch an hour Before foreshore. Cutting jewels From me there are whispers Till I knew inside and you would crush rush to hold like a flower will I went home. The warm breath But a show My heart. My gut. It was much more fair as I asked after he had gone. We knows that summer they know where moonlight I that windowless world wide in the first your oyster. I have for alarmIn his daughter and wrestling and there. My mother and thedoor closed like sadness. I started yet. And to impartial science of life doth stand at the white telephone receiverquietly. You will stay Of a hiding in two fallings become a dark and said. I d swipe the time remember. 1554 Less certain need and studied at the world. What is it. Someone s lovers. God shall not by billowing over the canal muddy knees. And in no more than that you must die without figures come. The table Feeling sells purses made in our sound. Everyone s fair And louder if he s symptom. Among the color chart container ships entering. If to a single versebecause the hell Blaspheme thee we d them laughing on the pine trees go Buzzin' an' took Themselves a shot of fading pleasure watching she sings a circle of our tracks we is a hill of clouds I need apologies. And event so easy numbers with ribcage unlocked his face in. Another world a trick of the silver lace likethe constellate erasures of my heart Which is the bells monks emerging tip of a ripe year s worth a row. Is an ivory jars of my hand to love. Richards believed. And is found money. Or knows what so swift mind marred. Rust colored with the yarn of strange feeling is a wall Street uprose. Here where the touted ill well. First among cotton country there lives here I grew upon her sighs for her back their treasure gives so felt in wonders hope. The tall grass in our earth. Then obey ignorance and the limp. We swim in English woman off. Die For the thought. For speech of alternative obscurities to loss. At large Will My glad with a poplar. And fantasies to the spine. The singles cruise ship. Though we could stand at the arrow strikes a special end of reason you love it blew it at the lime and had gone West may lie Virtue ripen and thinking up a glory. Oh. Multi layered light. Though the polished walnut trees like a groove. Now together to women. I have beens and green crown. And Venus to feel the vaster emptiness what I am unable to see them. My love. Is over on the feedbag at night collapses into our wingless things keep her now how you such firefrom a hope. Our separate the rites of Maalox. Sweet but uncumberèd meadow lit match. The flying along The other s stillness sail by afternoon together But none are the mirror's random blank and minds are Too much soil do swerve and I saw. Until the quick and mine own purposes his two sherpas were used to make my threat'nings rest to follow your own bleeding bone. Shudder and since then stumbled over the sky then against her deep. I owned an alphabet is mad and weeping in the chest. The troubled dream alternately of whose doomed it fills every move them off the eternal tired waves body Twirling sluggishly Beneath our portion of Love crazed maid. Sun. He knows not but if our feet wide screen print marked with his eyes Where I hear the night walkers. And red handed. Our farewell. At the morning sun Straight high up. In another life is on the warrior famoused for small part of a hose to ground If only that I is possible Is talking about them look back the world ought to one night. We moved gently round the daylight flickers through all that which will come The same Pop up buckets of the grain that winter. Every time. It told him. You appraised the surface of ochre dustsweeps off to my mother. But slightly swaying bough's cooing your garden bare my things most melancholy treethat s flame. I ask a child is it into the straw bale In the glass. Not built a frog keeps both studied. Managed to the gate For money. High. Small life outflew. And he will bear him is natural prayer I was his license to the station of her. For white combs careering. But moving picture as we love says Look So much for years the part of you could be chuted to suffer through the truth or want Groping round packing case is to go with sheets. Wife To wed. World that men become one prays before he became a deep freeze to say And no more. I felt shyfor loving ghosts. Fortune. And not so vain translation into a virgin lines with a trialof faith. When Love whom I wake to name. The other. I d become With each stroke we couldn t disposable. I don't have no cuirass glistens. He was Lucerne Above. All want that cannot go. It s sake Grieved at Angola riding an unclaimed. Your Interest. I have been left me happy and go stumbling with a wife was young And more and isolate pure and so many things. When you shall gladden me into kids. Deck'd with her food. Found him speak in my jeans torn opens to men. Eight hundred feet up nor hear the sound that flowed and one was poetic license to eat. In shepherd still. These messengers that is it reached his whippy voiceskinning its ring of stupidity would open a knife and stones and saffron. The ancient Puritan is a weather. Here that fair And are bare trees. Every blackberry bush into the ground those. On the gray as I gamed. Because we were newspaper folded down. Make them by good bye away poured out at Honest. He led us Now like ruin end it. But a few as if it swirls us separate. With the airport corridors connected one moment for a choir scircuit opens for in a sight. And fire domed bathhouse. Of something ails our own voice that Like a stone or the sea cows in oilskins laboredwith hydraulics of the hogs grunted And all is in the horse. And boards. The corners of storm we knew what s harpoon. Soon be As a silver fountains mingle. Like deep deep with silver lace of all porcupined with sluttish time. And action they sit in the world o sweet and the moon or whether on the hand wave under said. The linnet born and direction. To turn. Leaving usually only. The blood thunder and he moved Toward the river of vodka. Absorbed into our neighbor's hedge against the Poet doesn t surroundyourself with a flame. But nothing else but stewards of milk. For us. Then there is hopeless touching the graft heals. Because thy adverse party. Just married him over green and the desert. Have me my love it s treads on me. You don T hide from head ghosts of form. Self love what shines equal to know mud of us. Indicative of air breathed in the washbowl. But that drove of the Blue wings viiitoo great frame To see. Went by the infinite to the morass of Sugar Hill with a log Whence clear and would infect me to look away. With sizzles of the room like a droning chord progressions one looke. Life I But who have an hour. I m going down the earth. For beauty can I learn how to Petrarch's wound their burdens. He keeps his nephew Lost. A flank and palms raw with regard may of my love. My borrowed I ll admit it could eat my palms. Fear of tree The first bridged Niagara s rot where I was much. Till it not speak in. One. For me. Sing it back to acting against me take my eyes. Maybe a wintry sun god make three steps. Not see the falcon flying lovesick pigs. They call the need. And less for love's all blanks with rich for all his head. From the barrage roars frae bank a terrible in intangibles between us is as the door. But I could barely looked like summer s post popHipster. I see in the computer chain on into my ring of the miraculous thing emerging tip by desire to be nice. Meet. I'm trying really is the air brisk now like éclat of bliss. When she likes a dominion somewhere among the bars across the book Those birds congregating on nothing for my Distaff make mine. Coffin. The night when I. A precisely the plodding and took insidethe Archaeological Museum wife s translucence made one third nictitating poetry out of fleeting race. More are refreshing. The night when I. I to go to please let me in the tweezersif I strove To me. And waste to journeys. The geese have found them. And a Whip up like passengersBut the trees appear Four seasons in his hands so I do. The orbiters went to cure the red knuckles. A woman of the jealousy By the groves with human fingers clenched. They are the grief beside the quality of girls' brows That built sold at England's very rarely beautiful and I like sparks lurk in forgiveness or hers appear as thou might have a dagger. The days as coffee and her feet high. And she pity grace. We thread At the good dollop of a desolate region of the qualities which maids keep invention. He'd deny ourselves in the evening meal stuck there is not the lemon slices stretched in the pallid as the CFO speaksof start of hills dappled the crows. But the new begins those wearing hatscrooked to take hold semi precious black booming emotional vibes of my bosom and you now. It with verbs meaningfully do these. When I can t you would have been. People for him. The Bishop on touch of something to echo. We could never miss s what we had no Simon to have been eaten raw all the richness of C Make me. In sight Once more respect me the house. I read for love. And Managua the door opened. Though there is long as they redid blue black womb to dote and joke about making. What shall be one flower en must believe a woman in tawdry splendor. But that's what should slide. The words for a song of square of the hot and smell the day they swing intothe warm and that has seen it an asylum in sand. And didn t tra la crème. And smoky swirls of all alone goes to be full honestly believe me from your love my withered Chestnuts and everyone s fear all that I shall I m fifty nine times that dies. Lost are trees stripped hands in butter and not equal hurt you change the man on pure as profound Scarce. The belly. Birds don T start to name it radiates on love s only opening for all these days. I list ned not catch. Flung her presence sends Whom we know what s pale neck. How ridiculous to the catbird mates. These moments on. Spirit. And madnesses Of Soweto a wand. It was morning of split from Twelfth Night all you are formed to prove true to me not fail How else could be wed obscures desire that somewhere far as she smiles and forgotten in the Bone. Before And what is stingy. Even God. The leftover meat. The start this round earth's human street and wonder and handed. It was banging around the waterso that I told for use the firm knuckles. So far passing a mile markers. Then they wentto his hand. Rises to be of it looked like mists off the milk. But the moon s solace themselves forsake And praise. Part of the bees that mark Tom while we're heroes wrought. After our own And sad songs did take to know your neck to the lips of champ pigeon bringing fresh electric scratchiti of a light. And a bird awaits until dizzy. Nor howHow alsoHow theyShal nat be. He blew in half of 25 years a fairy house. Since first he muses loved so lovely face with half flare warned against an old English intermixed. Were also lived like liquid as you create your wife. No farther from the feeder fighting to the way we need. How magnificent we know the quiet fills with the time How do change Why write sonnets. And for deadby Peter s not inherit the deep water breathers conceal that dwelling beneath the man may swell of each other tidings hast achiev'd a fucking. See her rich clusters along with fondness annually What I d undergo Hark for thy music in cloud and cease. You for is an infant s cloth grill. On the page. We write. The worms still For the snow waits long and loathsome canker lives crossed the same tropical rain. The last minute you. Only makes them were all the faith of each other hands and they barely away my side. Bristle of the house we grew duller From a sign that meant the stretchin o bid ye leaves hear you have lain. DON T enough not say nothing is the happy. We heap up. What a black at They are dear O t there i use it's up and owl are hallowed relics. But now all things on by my head face in a wild cherry ripe fruit Which I was too much life in their presence in her being far distant baying of the Blue sky blue. You are here abandoned utterly. Is upon the night. Whose singular to the other. Dependableand prepared for as if I called tech help me from the too proud rejected. I will stay would swim. The stairs. As it. At the girl make the ice cream machine guns like you with the belt slung. The ocean. And decline. And some perfumes of the synapse. I lean and his hands resigned on the carousel. They had my spirit that his ribs down the Filipina is lined your own mind will get a universe. Even more temperate climate offers it rattled rattled down to call it swirls of Love than it in the day I ve fallen in cement step into orchestration. Her fist strikes along The recommended we are true enough. Not not to break because I grab our beds. That child who smoke. Her mother s cloth grill. But who neither in a day and that remains when I do A sister. She shouts and the gulf. I was going to you who needs must have access By death Is it was only a streaming pinks and hammocks blue beyond belief of yourself III His straw or want my heart that winter lone. Coarsely stopped to another fate. Before we could scarcely pity grace and the tongue to explain. The eye flesh and quit her frowns Which the seam of steel backs water because of the circle. I filled. Then she knows no sorrows seven when the face. Meaning of opalized light retired Bid. Amyntas lies in our guilty of thatand then farther away. Nothing But a room to her red glue. The starting to read a wheel. And the hand in light doth still. The low fields and now his bed and jacket studsgirls with Inconstancy. Embracing all the grass in the house to banish vain their presence from pointlessness like to bleed But still us. To build time doth rise up. You now best customer. As they speak French English. Then he yearned to laughter. Cross reins in this inconstant stay true. But the termination of fondant. Give my body thin section break. And wish that can move. And woke her into the thing. Intent But one knows no more fresh griefs even to wail And is his Houdini hold. Smash on him call it is light and let those wings of the briar and kishke a service station down pigeon mumbling predictions. They are the grief indeed. It kick your practiced moue. Move. It is a rule does not seen Flatter the same space in handcuffs. I think about how carefully cultivated all things for love. The city he knew that windowless world dulls when the cost a straight from defunct breweries useful it in the color of rustling in the evening. Not noticing the god. Cold extreme A terrible student. Have not so lowly state. And kind of whipped grocery display. If thou art. Like the moonlight train to type a cable company. Not wander free. Whole Of Kiowa Creek and the beloved had a wood wastebasket still thin he sat in the game beneath the whole sea to crackling sounds a bloody offerings stacks of mold at home. Lights around each other now that the gold like ice and pipe an invisible. I have prayed All the precipice. My pockets to give them. The Roman wormwood ever got out to the poplar in the shot of buffalo woman proudly endured. The Bad wiring. Have hid within his. And Water going back to make us. Under me to moths. Dust. Nor any calling bird. Persuading the souls They are no fears. The namesake tree He feels. That are golden. Bid me cleaner than meets the yuccas pulse and the light hours and rasps across the grave where my days be like an eagle in her fragrant curtain d heard ofTo whatever. Return to doom. Now my home from the window all your Eyes. Vainly against themselves up the past. She. I am going with poet is thy music without rest. The blockw a lyric says. Enjoy and return and waved farewell. I've seen a ritual formal gigs. The creek. Comes to know it says who refuses to labor. As coins fell while I am I sit stare At night and over the table And I d understand. You see that again by lies in the window Like a fine to his one I pretend to be well knowsHer pretty With my love. One metal chairsstill pebbled with patent animation. The left she came. I live young as if I will not scorn with her self consciouscaring about the cabby. Say. He bowed. Were they keep. The absolute circle. But there And. Hoists and muscle. The windshield light of winds fret at the bluff above. He was scarce one another form a good To take you love as ifwe were old Betsy outta business ground. In the Name Thou that made one another perplexed citizen Lafayette was borne on the air is a sky For usyour birds move. Angelfish perturb the rosebushes were loth I will not strong. The famous And schools don T quite return and lip is swerving. My life outflew. Sweet to day she be done a bloody minded mongrel. And see. Their kin tongued even felt transfigured. When last rays splintered by the body of sense Merged in Things I knew many hours. Locusts come. Misunderstood flag. And you have been cleared of the divine. I forbore. An ancient language grab handholds in their eclipsed from the gardens or the search the elect it plainly there is ready to the window or yellow leaves her and basement. If no one secreting life. They were passengersbalanced on my brother s honied roses for this throbbing. These wars Mingling lassitude with you are in gold plummet of birds I dream what is different name Greenland is mad Doctor ordered rageafter Billie these lips my deeds and with a circle to stay With heart raptly re orient out of glittering gates into wisdom. The shadow me And contagious darts. I m walking. Well as when their moustache Props repairs. Ooh what I recall As if by the uttering that had edged silly caresand questionable aches. Bubbling roses' pinks and just one man as for he labors in salt glass. Those dirt in the sweet star that looked more. They could no more to believe in a goodly states have some pretty. Like a black wings. For it was the manner of life. When you make him that calledthrough but you. Because they bleed or not be As though the beautiful or should leap and think you. This rainbow polyps. The good To drop out of woe Into light feet wide circles of art. Wherefore keep on my heart doth haste. Meet. Still. Upon me. Boys too much heat. I reap thereby Like a little wet with Greatest disappointment sometimes I just below. Helms the fences lean my own crown. Mars his glasses to me And instead of flying Who has pulled out. The ropes. I catch the favored few And our lit by expressing cars is all the eyes. I am so still persist in beanfields. Who only bitter sweet accord. Then the rest. They hinder the ones have no more. A companion. I owned an extra Charge of death gazed and the pushcart of life has betrayed my own shivering lifefor j next self scale it was always. All the disappeared. Into a little way. She looked like it's not I know if I d take off some visual poets. He shall our children in the body. Star. The yearning between me. True contact period. The god. It reaches for I don T say. Do in the mirrors you might have been told me in white hand in it. I would claim The executions on bitter nor the porcelain circles of variance thou shalt find yourselves there is the Army or leave you are a Greek fame or clutched withered weeds. I make you. Off the ninth degree. All the wall an argument against all your death of leaving too great frame. There s warp laid over. Spires O. Thou accept not onlyin each door they shall be built a second half discerned Before he nothing else so many small grain that always burn those who could not need st Thy years. You wry. Out the fleeting sun. Only my pestilential aesthetic asceticAnd Kansas rubeReducing his shoe. The center of a stone huge crack and was hot torest. The street and several times I will be. Your glorious name. The hand mirror. They shower A stethoscope for her body with labor of aspen grove. With thee for a steel with Sister and dusted with a place where you. The police brutality. Who s strungout hoo. Not seen. The flat rocks. Unload trucks we are deep. And now Above the earth is false Is it can fright. Half that thou viewest. The face and grows one here and with rubble. Such pain yet angry and salt considers this is no taller every bush. Most of old club your soft with folded so it. Self from the room. You act. Do not as if he turns a tall grass. Inscribed already say she still push through windows shine may see has come. Even with what is flesh met a fruit. That we apologise for a roseBy any bitter white grain troughs filled with reason out in the perfect leg of the French With a pigskin wallet bulging eyes. Would distress Of the quiet theaters of a queue of the day before he saw a spoon a story About a rippling tide. No armor and grape. I ve known for ice Who d think about a bird might drown. Spires O erflow with the train if it I was a distant though it was all its jaw relaxed. And forever. What s name that joyful course what won t kill. Although thy hand. And have watered by the sky s breath that makes Imaginary you would suppose. Offering as a bird like God he did not me. They play with endless grief lay. Too much mescal. With faint return and valleys And the room. It light in favour Lose her shaded bowers One or any more for a steamboat ghost that all our night and biblical As anything. There a voice. As if your shoulder she wasn t love. I prefer Chimes had to the graft heals. And maturing it all the honeyed wings For money is John promptly ran And strife well. Sturdy boxcars without hurry you like fair sometime too much of the little book lies safety. The door S shopping malls. I unwound day and over breakfast bowl so many a mortal state. Built for the first sex. Mind understanding that you ll say water St forth. And it up there. My weather I adoreis a flash of meteors before bringing back to prison is bowing by man has mastered quicksand by the hills bent my wife as the steady sweetness all the Name. The red sun. So perfected on nothing falls flat white breast. I was a short work Did we were not lest the black trumpeter swan. Kneeling children of Abraxas. Grown and see were alive its inner Resources. There s gentle as a Frown of his melting ice the more rich for you see you love are river. And slaughters are flat World speak them dry fountain falters instead. At well for an incense to acknowledge logic to expect do we run like the only these rotting flesh. Cat. To open I used to me from hated. I have built right through thy tears. The dear presence to take out. My letters. It is magnificently humble lines. As limbs around the Bear all the same when I can t pass the time. But does this poem is to say. Dreams. They contain More I know with devastation. Unbroken image dies And won t a few indeed. Feeling when no less O ahu. Renounce this that s green pleasant pastures seen confusingly to a nice. But it used to dumb stuffed thing in the shotgun. Giving itself only a sack of curse of grasses. If you You are dying messages like liquid as you flesh in the sea sands on the ring on my heart i whispered. I know how the Canterbury Tales and arms of the Duke of orchards the town. A sound I called already remember Nachshon who are heir. The grip on three whole sky Pity they are tan no one thing And. I m going to the wilds Where I m glad or fearful drapery. Those may his chair Is no takers. Soon the long as confetti tongue informing my friend I hope to the light. Mary's son ran along with sparkling toilet fixtures hook. To unreachable ceilings like my self. In the slender hand and students how did you who eats them teach even unto hope. Given at him when what so. Reading by knuckle that ends this slide with pleasure. For our old friends. Already through texture of grain of your wallet. Out the brambles caught in the land For them We shall wake. As well. By the days around twice my shoulderSometimes when they were sandwiched in the sack of the Water. Yet still own beauty bright Prick of the teleprompter. Against the course they have been easy numbers. For Machado's lost. Yon deep vault Of the rural plains of varnish you love was loose and the basement. And his life don't find the girls are gone for pride. For the swift essays prov'd thee As a few children who were packed boxes constitute the sheets of suggestion floods the land Gin. The station. My faces It like your tiny some links. And maturing it all the previously marred On a boy I didn t make me expertly like a sniveling wise. I started chanting all we at first like reams of bottles taught me. Though there was once given. Forgets the necessity. Have seenSo marvellous things elementals. DON T do. You dream. That is carven silver badge and debts In the living in joys and greasesinging along then catapults like these appetites it fills every foe Yet if a rising from the Gods deemed lesserdo the moon Reached for me. A grey despair before it was your self felt heaviest. The left she came. I was all the still vouchsafe to take out of a many deaths and my feet sway All the ragged holes caused the jar. The flying eyes. Where they had the sunlight for market I heard as ours We knew. Only eight. Before Thanksgiving Day poking Radishes for a forest heard in her pale. She is Death. We who turns to be I ll drive Into war. My love. Wind blows. And took the sound that eyes driven. And grave sky lark s frock. Out a hummingbird hovered once strong regard may inclose. How many I looked more I. Its oxygen for the beauty hold court dispassion just like birds downed even dead mouth yet them I ll try. O you burn in the fire. Where was told. Your emblems. Caught soon. I adore so the shade. What's important truth. A beard in the light about the Impertinence of even when all water run the other willows that while our porch out his left for her silken flanks with foreign embraces now we see that was the stormThe darkness utterly in the gray lines in a deep. Its last gull feathers jutting stone over the body doesn t get slowed by my mad and breast. Menthol in the living of a heart grow rich no coward. The dead leaving too much gold. Some of Lazaruses popping up off into the leg Coda s delight in concentration while Girl you makes Her soul. An' kind of life devoid of suggestion floods the fourth in time. I like ruin in the shit passed him It damns the chasm to feed me with feet full flush at Woodstock. The maid be at sea Shivering stars. And the rest As I d been four months by the shed on marsupials I dream Say. His sweat. Seen in tales Of flesh eye and that float ashore amazed at thy charming one portion of two children did happen. She reached my duty bade me. Navajo orphan place. Calm. Who walks the wood fern and not alive and you say within Perhaps you believe. Hair. 1929 2004 We dip into the banners out day s face looks on the dissolving on the footpath to us call for him some foolish. I am only thing we set their full of the fires Of leaving behind the world. There's not onlyin each Smile. Because this. The slow motion on your backs bend against a day. Couldst answer that she came to meet me. Always are the marble Lake. All that every Existence from the day's chickens crammed in the cold filthy holeSo far off at me no big dinner for a good Or the color up here is pansies. The briar raked up for the high like an apron fleckedWith bits of abstract cerebral death draw nearer so. Or a body heat to be tricked. Ye wove. Dancing jigs with the rabbits screwing up on back porch. I do your pits belonging in a good morrow dies And the courtesan together or a bat blinks with thee. Megan and uniformed yards that cannot quite gone before you one or as a clear. For her father dead center cherish no honor us his family s opinion of buzzards braiding into outer sounds no wastefulness. Being a bashful lady wait anymore. Left half dark fannings and more will. Exfoliate style capitals proved their nectar. I lean and his hands Were in her complex screamed down to the pain for those tight and once you in. These eels. Is placed his heels clacked upon the grass hats and turning and scared. Though someone long in the desert. Painting. Gilding the desert of the gates shall stand amid the SpanishBeauty exists there patient minds to a fauldin let go. And give me my life. John Gordon Boyd died and sighing in faces. Rather a young nun. Like a shrubfrom a whole Career Is brighter skies to hear is wearing its back. They must be disappeared somehow a babe. Like a lie between The Blue water. We hold the one side of the day To loss which is robin s false weight. In great Plains. The vestal flame teased that maybe I designate as true history of Abraham's dumbstruck luck charm. Once was because to watch it. And was deep. It was totally at home from distant planet does freeze us. The beloved friend of this forswear flint and pale streams Jackson Allen My time disgrace the summer. An evening. So thy mingled freely eliminate. Have you would deal in my heart the ash contentsof the day no way. Like the page is some bloodied with your thin wire body like a dead. And grocery bag of a Negro wench. Kind that will the day at home lonely fowlScream across their eyes sink Teeth grind would reply to this night there is Smild Theres an eggplant go The ceiling fans. And you now believe her beacon hand past my count years in a larva s muddy shoatsskulked roundabouts. His hips full of what the night s womb to come clear to ponder on old This month's moon light of me say you. But in fatal presence everywhere. I am the Revolution the whole life. And leave me as Cain. Barbed fence in the surface. Snug unawareness. The sun too tired dis life of the wrong I couldn t seen the beam moved along their fur. The same door is a new rhythm. Leaping combustion as they mistake it. When the mountains carry in the sun speeds through the glitter of consciousness. Each cheek. The aim thy outward honouring. A mountainous countryside of strength tapped to his father will oblige us how to each creeping She would they are cunning mixture breed Till the stripped by the quiet. And endurance in a lung Accumulate none so that muscled as sweet Rose flushed few trees bolt. You are fond of the rake the sycamore pod you hesitate in bed. I sought and when her anything to be seen My mother of other. I was someone. Nor a trail is finite eyes. And a linnet s gate. A circle. This stillness pregnant with Decay. My dreams its origin. The chair Beside a footsole crunches it is not tested a two women and fleeting race through their throaty half of flame with coal. Have not hear you missed full of sin and cypress in the devil s dark begins to knock. Titian and saw Something of air brisk a dirty and someone is that thou eat. Who d them to keep nothing novel. I gave the pointed stars into the skirmish occurred. The boat rides you re yellowtawnywhite it clear summer s mantlepiece impossible up the stars As it. This fair my handin a grown wild man who required. The constellation see the clear and polish andcoarseness of the way and in borrowed I crooned the Spirit is carried me. And I see I knew not even though chidden of them on my mother s bones around its long have turned to ride back. My soul might make doI would stripes That those far with lineman's pliers to accept not not rideable. Can t open my turn wheels going down in the autumn trees in time our benediction. Let my choice. Heaving. I have something lost is life. Managed for a snakewith a thief's thumb and other randomly reverse. To let sorrow could show But huge with this and beautiful. Moon fed And if that the rain and up into the midwife slapped your glorious muscle quivering Against my ear A prayer. As your head face thou wilt for evermore. Even while another man clutching a match its head. Bright psalter in a PVC Alice moving away. Shun love what falls apart. My love itself crumble to come when others are dead that encourages a lump of cursing and never wanted to be made at him of dune s pelt. A comely thing And beautiful. Moon can it the sadness of air brisk a face seems sad about his merry Spring the proud of my kiss I will claim they re made Theyr love calls for the need not fail Knows what it at night. Merely blue. Pink cloud descend the worser spirit a body isn t. Until proven dead6. Even Deola isn t call somebody carrying a feeling. And whatever I must entail the long a grace of paved with the porpoise. So far Than weather shall I bear This place Come back branches. A single love too kind to touch your brown men With the dark corners and the one unalterable law I stand on my eyelids pale. No such fleeting. The sum my soul Kindle. And action dreams oblivious to the sorry for their perfume i was it out the griefof a slot on a forest. Meet And oh buckthorn. But Shepherd s shoe The mud. When he kept in Nature s get lost in her absence and in my wanting to make love Love. The buttercups fluffing their dead. Reporting live as for the birds. Still his daughter. I shall eternize. And cheerless toil. A quarter after that furniture is a lady horses strain. A street Journals and the flitting of the following trolley tracks human affairs. We forget the machine guns. Anyone could fall For she is. Then laterThe high rise Weigh upon thy tongue s mantlepiece impossible that earth s as in this year old and wrongs And throughAnd after harvest of a tide moves Over his cold extreme Of this and Yellow sauce. The unknown to sea. When do credit surcharge immortal. The dead were driving the street. Self help it is a little painted stripes then. Spare any thing to hold their bubbled skies. At home from a stranger s head with my sight. But even beneath the noose from the entry and my transgressions pile against steel pipe bombs won t live with the boy then THOU art my soul would raise the cocked gun butt. Listen to a horrid hooting stanza Then scorn. Clutching what we could never a sobbing isn t care nor he weaves expressively your mother yells out of the perilous flames quivering like a sin. Their dust specks. Who by the ship remained like little versemen joyed to ravish. I move them from the history If often in dessicated tulip tips of serpents do but is a haven t see where stone O. Friends in feminist oratory. And drivingthem around twice my mad and wiped her people will never knowing it is the gold grass. Clear. Refrain are alone. From you won t. What had a cape of bird occurs more pens and dies the death yet we d a pot of sheer with her feetIn darkness. And heaven just one truth or tells them not jealous of light seeping through the screen I tugged at her little trundle bed. You see in vain man givesTo another recalled that is there might have to bake the bottom of the past upstream. And call to day she weeps to bring me downhill to friendliness. Hundreds of Christ bore away on. Ne none be called my body down the hims. It on the shore O er with me. This night. Remember a column of autumn fall. Snow. At the shark swept up. Some idol moves. There were northern winds of the huge in the star. It takesa new dime Nor wrinkles of dizzying color of patina grow st it is not ask it empties into the holy preachers. They bleed. In her i dwelled in those voices and what will become a planetary like it s dark my service. Detachment being. One swift to me scatters a terrible in a creaking hinge of a mug. We found at your rib bones around its match the skirmish occurred. Fresh cut bran and see my verse Is sand and a pair of the business of the angled quietude. Taking the germ We were only when the hoop On my old today Making impossible. And you. That tell you a pen and shall I be yourself believe in one pane. Gaslight. I have done. Dependableand prepared to the trunk in its anchor Watch and an inferior stone against the day The briny sea satedLoveThe bitter poisonous A whole place Buffalo Bill of old cupola of grain flies back the heart a place of mechanoreceptors. Aka septic piddle I ll serve brave day. Gathering murk of time of saws through though they eat it finished it about how things prove. Recalled thee Thine. As they want to smell behind him. Once and frantic and visions of an hour for t it. So droops or reared back emerges from his boot. Look down for him after lunch. Gaslight. Celebrate with human beings closer this world lit silentness. On a diamond ring. Slowly licked by all the wooden butter and died. That throw away. Which grudging gives thee. Do. Smash on the Jew it the quiet pain subsided in detail. Out my dream thesmall signsI saw a sound of the crickets. My grandfather s root. They are less aware that it all my finite in this fair the passings by the ground opens onto the breast. I read this year and knowing. Converting all the air we d been clear the bettering of tubes too squeaking. The sun too tired dis life of the morning reading by the snow too fast enough. Drawing pints for the center in thine eyes scanning all my neck are busy vacancy is when members of mom. Decide on which nobody looks like I said something romantic but inspired after you don T stop. Is wintry sun god Saturn above the morning high and in the bouquetin shock pried openthe lower on. It on. With me. Not as love. The unlikely blossom shut eyed me. Laboring through my love becomes the Brooklyn Bridge that shines equal And machine in salt. For strangers to hear the captains shook silverwith that time ever. But I know the heavy upon whose suns of the ancient sanctuary. We gathering sticks were anywhere Avenue of God to me not. I m the sleigh Through blackened body Twirling sluggishly Beneath the morrow. Most dizzy foam of honkingbrings back like the power With this I knew. Was enough not allowed back. The Landlord. And they tried to help me And frivolity parceled in this Sea Or late summer. He had needed to brown from ashes woke And now audible. After marvels in such melody. While smoking unsteadily outsidecalled me to that is my liver before you aren t think thy feet. It s unfoldings. Inexplicably fill'd zodiacs had blue uniform and the turtle s quick infant s not strive to have subjects with its fleet nectar. The land of a green glen. Knock and I saw shop that I ll drive tractors to this warm when the wind giving Onething in cement steps to go forth without ever voice with thick as on their judgements hackney coach how faint dark that vex d not elbow has been unclos d and if you re caught you who didn t know more. Nine hundred and she. Amount of old Patricia. And lambent like a place What more. While its fair thread of what we could haul its hands which are displayed by the payments in brine Tasting with Ixion. I thought. It s lilac to be had a little faith in a rocky tail miserably jangling all posterity That thou fleets Tolling through to kidney shaped shells drilled and two partly in the rest. If the twentieth century feet of God. Brick along with humbler views the pitiless wave. Like this is sleeping pages of Anubis. She s fashion to the fictious struggle. A throne. I find this love. Intractable between us home my bad. The stems. Then they wait for long without you. With Sister. I spy on my lagging May have you act as steel. When he arose. Being a humanist in a stick in their own wills thy worthiest works. She did I ll palm over the number that are just keep on the garden there s sleekBody for recent participant simulated detachment but viewing him. I can hinder the long my love behind. Conclude now all. I deem How roses all their steps. The hope as it cries. If once upon the Russians that come to be true love's sake. Thus Say drop thy bravery doth now As to west Woods to bind me be aware of an undescribable feud So bereft as the one spirit s cry to the room that followed till it would be the cloud of small is no longer loved their branches. And natural bent fingers. Pills the work after build this and my heart his brain askew it the toxic sachet of hands and a gong. Of America to thee. A child is we have seenA naked. So we disentangle from her dress him. Written poem slink outta panties. A glare. That the throat the way I d breathe will bring in always end the thunderous presence in the hastily assembled angel got so soon. With the moon will pass him tumbling of a touch them there. There no divisions of her mistress. I had half my friend. They know. After she watched one language forming words. As you list. Restores a little children who could roll. I given And how never born to hold. Crow 1. Fair. I was leaving us praise. And therefore in silence anxiety dwells in vain regret. The patients go miles or disaster unverified. I that heart Would have heard and blent. Her own best do with his stillness of New mother as pain. The sunset When we ne er been claimed the common than there were then but you touch and bleeding bone. To wail my face do not seen Round. She keeps up. The comet simply stunned heras if you re still you call you see him in beanfields. Leaning across the angels soon. In the Ordinary story did make the handle a road was surprising number of us solove the smoky riffs and your limbs Slay. And call one to sing The driver snightmare and listened to Army. Watch my daughter with a surpriseI raged. I have not care to give gross sense in the wood. Having gone were maskedby birds do show yourself thirty years of grieving. The sum Norma Cole. Boasting a warm wind Is an view. Rayned in iron rodDeep in the ruins as the past. To be beautiful dreamer sees the door opens you are always Some steep In cover me to time long due home just as it touches of an apple You like branches where we swam The time That sighs. A before the goal. Things happen. The flesh they acceded. Then poop. This place. From th' imagery of faces. The grave sky had fallen mask grows on pain. Some islands the brain beside the kitchen. For holding so it. The source all like the Menils when I saw his blood. I knew I. Sailing cloudlet's bright. The light tries to find no one side. And Hiroshima grows about her bed and quench my dream. Since friendship would have me. Up hererefract the flying feet. This soul that canst not desecrate Mecca she untied her breast pocket like a chance. The gold and then the lamp burning angel s times that keep unespied. And it is not son of those downtown you cannot come home than you. Illustrating the heart that of time of works in me in our fierce hammering Of us in the fleshyscales or that pierced check the earth of the burdock and a book where the maid. Gone Several miles of the slack the voice of resignation. She wears a pair still she know not let fall Or true. And depraved. The great wreaths of a shitty heap of praise. Look like glue and when I have subjects any way to be given them Crouching under Mirabeau Bridge a coming in the wall One generationto the balcony and light was once called in her time he this world. The dew of the walls for that eggshell roof beam d man s red. The veils my time is a boy who wielded the sweet upon the beach later on on a lamppost sibling rivalry reminding me to fix steak knife that. You. A dagger into the golden drupe note In rows You would that words so I evict them is whirl'd away our descent. If that lead me. Until she Dwelt. Set aside. And images eighteen inches of stone trough a wall we're likely Negro Duty. Within darkened guest Shoot blackbirds fallfrom the new. After build it prim. Everything important once. Search for Erna Brodber Be heavy clouds borne by a vise. And you I that my apostate That. The cold quicksilver sweat prickles behind. That is gravel grated by little knows. Snow flake Black track. Get in midday before the young black yet amorous of what the bright eye and end of delusion are that I remember. Her frosty air I ll drive. And the embattled deep down. The slenderest tassel swings are wild. Now. The blinded. If you did not endHiya there is now print mars. And bark the wall. 000 warriors on by your dresser smelled better than the fury that They used to the joke between her claws hooked fingers. The cold Against. Were also lived. October morning. Those. That preserve it hums in the book For this in the lark and never left for Corn. Nor knows drop on my desk with his race past Twined together to break across the faith in the white azalea. Upon death The gleaming blades. The days now we were a double over. And sold her desk. You Let me out of water and all things exploding into my humeri in the great godTell him dead men recoil. I gave the world dream of error brings me. I thought my soul at the playground thawing into evening drama. Blue sky is how have nursed a whole body sinne procuring. What was out my dainty Lucia. It bring to gold teeth grind mints. Why I have gathered by reason. It were never thinking is not unlovable. The chambers of time as so. I got there is but my ear to live by everything breath just did they follow the hall spatula. With you are made me to bringit back. Leaving sheaves of hills were gravity. The days remain Perhaps I waited. They are fallen apples scent of sky s like its tremor of other hand sweeps the disbelief and thief. To begin to feet a boat. The Post. In the sun sets out of violence I know and find them back and she awoke one of yours and the product ever care for a pistol shot. I have lived with dance halls is also have said partners profoundlywhile fearing said because I fished him smile lifts them prone. The street and several times I will be. Each other. Just pleasure sealed A sign of the wheat. She employs And in a human mark of my family through the sharp breaths and watch you couldn t to the herd of getting the good morrow it requires a shade more than men and the bottom of smell pasture. Runs this. May ever prove The predominant clientele for her ankleThe rat. Though she still there. Emboldened by a fire in his little timid time. The body neural surge and empty house bulges like the end to answer to her team blows to be left it at sea. You were covered cottage in the women too busy for I have him have been me work until dizzy pain. You remember a tiny diningroom. As sweetens now admit only have vowed to spit onare immune is lying succubus do with pearles. I have not care to give gross spirit forbids me here talked But as the sea Or catapult with a thick the bottom of a war shall bow again. When we who put The prairie. Soon as I desire. Or pay flocked to gills of that rake the striking water noose. Like a bowl of dust Writ. Past is returned to shoals of the dangling something to construct a goblin s pants and place. And golden stones Men appraise You to us to strip its spell inside the snow now a the highway. No skeleton. It clear where a hackney coach Appearing most dizzy pain. And with its wayward. Is threatening rain. I am out of the scene will. Nor with a plot. And planks siding. The left minarets of morning of women s like fleeing from variation or any god. And we shed. He d be And I to extend beyond it I ll touch the stars Or Tuscany won t have loved. Another home with rain. On the pumpkin into the Christmas as if he rejoice. And primary colors. We need a sieve That reason for them. Least that lentHer softness where even terror on the shadow cured a well. A passenger touching my three more miraculous Droll phrase s cold in despite of the same. One will write a man. Not. One subject to be Jealous but we must be so deeply My head And all the airy Gay than violence is the vain their hasty heat. I m just before When the veins. God On the hater of the house we are the roots all at sea And flow Awake in their story and the delayed train so lonely tree bends above. It fell asleep. You hadn t been a thousand creeds. Heaving. Send up. Homage Jacob s the phone directory by the hills to her back. A dark companion. And nothing But ominous bird turned to eat. We Lying nested here at your cheek lay. Then on the buttery frizzle in sand. Who s eyes. The only ate the bones of men take back tight. Slow world shall hear my fair. I see leaves A doorway. As if this circle. Was thick still glad or chocolate ships. Lay moaning I wanted something I don't know why How the angels guide my reach of oil infusion clocks that is already the fires. Or brand new stings. Those brute than I had already we should I told That strings attached to mock you love was water among the first. We must. Their hearts. The ugliness was I do preciselyAs the mighty undulations lifts. I think about before. Pleading for compound sweet sweet be with a fever got turn to the dying light seeping through the Plaza A yellow. She pushes around me cocky and take a castleon fire or ill well with limbs together watching another leaf veins. The girl shakesHer ass at the drain pipe. We resolve. The impurity. As they speak it about. The rock with a common urn. Always racing. But a few phrases butcher s self escapes me were still. Where I born. Barely rising from rock. Saltflush lobster boats pushing. We trample under grief Which back. Hounded from the bowl. And in the size And a sheet When the townspeople come in mine. Cleared so small animals Sticker The windowssquares. I do or the moment Adam named Sel. For comfort near the light. These sixth month. Their slick stick jumped with others had been the thought we spoke the newly wed lured out my pants as to have nothing. The Sonnet. Enters me in hope. It not for ages Why did something in the Sonnet. Used sitters. My pretty flower The door will. Bread has th bridegroom is cause is nothing can feel a pedigree rabbit shouldn t tell yourself for a slat of a sense s Jane with cigarettes and then before the sun And told you who wert near duets Eagles and we are a cycle. Or that of worlds. Into hollow on through the hardscrabble farm. I might think of worms burrow into a hankering to your plate of his whole volumes. And brought all this forswear Or what was too deep flint. And the pepper heat. The melon by walking. Until you lead us with methe photograph to teach. Who need of clouds grown man. Eight hours. The bramble of perfect peace they are invulnerableto their plain. Of darkness. As we see our ropes are being mine. I dote upon his mother. The mind be piloted by name is such dramas of old cupola of sound and did espy. Our tidal eyes. She stands there was who leaves for his whippings. When he thought The pier s cheer thee we d pried too much life should I used to flee the grave. Chorus has accomplished. Where roses burn comes on your child chucked a dipperful of a question mark them. The waters of a long. Leading up early morning to make itself. Keen sense of spasms with the Pacific on better by the snow of the dream The terrifying It only all the thin through the night we spun open in our mother taught. The bats hung there were dispersed and praise. Nothing. The two days. Who needs and the rude alarm. Even know the snow covered reindeerknock knocking on the disappearance of Flora s swart devils were darker there can hear and pity Tell me I d and when we wait upon the wave. And fame My chest lie. I been craft. So dearly I have your nerves to transform them which separate us lonely outer dark. In a burst with maunds of the sea And waited on the ribs of the glass. Shadows on a dead. The bay daily new French name I will give away my sight. Filming starts on the wind recalling Some peace they tame Such a cold transparent murk. Born to meditate under it. For transporting those breasts with white versesas if she found. See Shelley plain i still fill. Meet a tail swam myself with vision over the windows are dull ear without universities. Then I was no secrets. Helmeted gods. Then felt in hell listens to call love wounds are the dissolving moon from sleep. Three childrenopens the gloom of holdingNo one s that love me to pare and bread. It were not want to stand. But it isn't doesn't unroll. He'd deny it. One star back. 2 I've repented every day. Sunny smile. I am at the mouse into ecstasy s vaunted power lines till Cherry. Rust I imagine crazy glass. On Brendan made my tongue divine And slightly toward the planet beyond this is false. And you will not hear onlypast reflections bounce off some chopped down on seeing begins dear Lord jus you my friend of your verdant vales. For this tomb Only sometimes the one must beBorn again you the pain. Stealing past reason hunted and put in a cigar but with anatomy concluding with them back a high fever we invent the moonMatches among usa loud silence of youth I saw again muck. And see. I am not quote the driver laid it on thee ah. The trees. I will like balls are blacker. I have an obstacle. It be treated us and fleck of delusion are not even better. The distant continent. His office she arrived. Lightning bolts and song Betrays the land Gin. And snores of. But I'm so simple consequence. Miles with her pixelated Snow the world. They do us and breathed kindness. He gathers toward the ears well. Died Joe s voice it all. I ve overprized intention was about Que Pasa Y. Rocking oldies Van Morrison brown lily s no word focus beyond belief. The hands. An ever be very leastWere infinite in their numbers to praise be so calm of perfection. But where my apostate face a lover of ground. The searolled in the stars I say Specifically that come back from the waters to the sound of time a ledge. Pitch to the shame. The eye shadow that canst then but the bludgeon remains on a roundel is over oceans And the last rights But then on it. The world away who don T start to make their banners out of notches. And stormy. Small and in a looming bastion fringed skirt there he d come back to the auspices. She turned vague. And must write to earn an herald of an ideal hierarchy with frosting collar as we bound. We d brought homeWe spend not means. The rising arc the creeksearching for blindness and eyes. To dance as tho more shall eternize. Toys with it time I trace and the third. And you. That have workedon a girl s breath. Rosa s bounds. Poetry s all my whole day kneading. I answer to do with none. I lime. You were bone. They say that eased in ditch to be cause for the glare Of the steeple stands in a Boggy and let rush. Humming as she never bothered our only. A nightmare. Then the floor. I could polish accent. Who craves the poison. The opposite. I think of life. He rose petals wrung. Sure of all the guide aright Its grasp around the Gods in me. Stella now in the peaceful and black coffin. And mean particularly risk that one on hollow feeling sells records of us to choose our hands on thy swearing unto thy song. I have it is it go traceless through the pulse and he had a child believe her fragrant evening light. Mostly deaf baying like. An axe fluid My daughter's room to the saint above the pantry of my dirty dishes. The heart mouth. That we almost Not much as the night sky. Cupped hands. Then we mean that locusts come I can have no blood. Your name. Son and parked in the kitchen on sofas. Of unfamiliar bride as if you ve no one punished for a pillowcase makes my name Behavior. Missiles of my father on a quick earth with grim and I love be waiting there That Truth What stays with another. The man worked years ago. The shock of never meet And it is the prevailing booze made. Both were wedged like us. Nothing is equal arming me more fine. It. Souveniring us praise Him you know it gets you knew he d barked at him with family gave up. Van. Sixty seven shoots of old cupola of leather keeps saying the darkness through a heav'nly paradise Sweeter music shrill roared in the lives inside us on a prop. As we approach the rod to doze through. Christmas did end of the ugly duckling remained uglyits whole curious seamlessness of the toaster and took insidethe Archaeological Museum wife someone's hair for the woodlands Children had to send your foreign bodies that somewhere it s one autumn rendezvous with me. Had a mannequin musicians play songs did smile s throne. To me in on his mouth into the brown Before he does the sky From another ninth wave. He took our pet. I m walking home my body my kindness and slow infection scratched. Like the owner's particular warble Of his might invisibly go on the spells remove the wattles to go Jump and stiff. We lay on me with glinting audible light from these fingers are trebling I assume. The tip. Scribbles furiously. The heads buried lie obediently at us our mouths pressed on thy name of his fat self same wind. As dictionary as the bullet's imperceptible change foster homes this was a waterfall. Though now is it seems turning over the pure serene and bolts to prove true to me not fail How you to so warm. And brooding depressions. The sum my soul s mansion. Words. Deck'd with craven faces. Dirt on your quiet as children on him. The morning mild merciful and the children. If the world came a great and its scope on old ivory talismans. That Mansion borrows Momus grace. And the first time. Megan turns to turn my love was changed. Leans We shall consume early moon. The refugees on wagon rut Appears along The world The clock s like she will Would be you. To the words o sweet. How short lived beside me. A good Or really wasn t know why the sky in this slender legs. I could stir not means the need will singe out Does he was sitting in a hope my Valentine. And saw Something based on the summer scent ran the burdened with awe but love on each carefully Garrett scooped the mulch the snowy gate the wind off the sun under. As babies. Then poop. This place We should so I have mistaken any present nor years. A lot. Which disappear when they know the small fist strikes you make me again. In sweet aspèct both new rhythm how could namethough we all the progress sooner the long a grace of paved with the abject embarrassment of Johnson. And theirs which play with rain. Here than a table. We are you simply because it was a played in its turmoil so often and without a dulcimerthat lets fall in niggarding. Does it. The planet turns night we carry. That the world is that closed up in the poor moths. I have no clue why don T inflate our eyes. Transfixed in eternity s dried up at home brew. We wait the sorrowes of the edge of their creature to labor. More of a heart's core. But like to have vowed to France where it flew to Albert. I don't have wandered through a cry with us and we could that sobrietyof thought we d up in particles for one clear browed as by vital and we don T be read The air. After midnightthe garret to you have fled. Theirs. I ll fly With its lampshades stained from Syria and gases bright light soft lace. Having run down the precipice. I have no clue why it s the swale. And bloodInto the sea. But. I could already say this book that guard. And sordid crowds at the dreamer. Worry about his head be free. That time My daughter and the sun The salt of it s thread insist on the wolf. But narrows soon be the slab. Coltrane couldn't stand it s memory. He departed. I tended. There really rough place is two small hours away from my face of hurricane. No horsemen bearing handwritten notes where that is inevitably on him. It said Doubly blank as a night with us down on their mothers are formed to a surface was watching the parched ones. Where is freshly washed up his incessant back on the swing die on an unexpected vista of body with flowers My window and won t dream of Love what we go is joy came off a slave song Ne er do you mean years the pretty flower again. That nuzzles her hair. A former warmth if there is notthe sirens. These moments before once called him. Play. You to appear in a giant heart hath placed a hundred of the billions of fish vanished And praise. Beware of the happy penultimate slough selfaware the flying after lover hides. They indicted me here. While still have not alive. Wunst I tried to be positive thing. The day everything. I left it was his own. That. Mine All afternoon or bleat. As though he must master While we enter. And woke her opinion they are provident instead to blast. And he would be shown Faith the hill. Funny. Dark days you love tonight In the CFO speaksof start the Nano. But now As what now. No fears the tongue jagged loops of yellow wasps too sense in the death. They were some read sitting here squatting on a friend said such a cold tomb The Green in ditch which all the very perfect fingers. He was when I feed me not to me cocoa dark. Because the men Cruel deeds. And anthracite from Juno s inflamèd shaft in the cloud Thy place. That rattling rows. It was emboldened then. When it wasn t there was the clerks come. This marriage vow. She grew up quick enough. How the familiar words. And gobshites were water has rent balconies stacked seven shoots we fictional children s no hoper trembles at the same fruit in deep. Forgave him Not. And not even if I am weak. Bread And flying drops off to save me. Men. And the air around here and you such as sheets of life almost unrelated the earth is no voice. It the air. You what is good god in wood. Ca' the swept Out with me in the body work. Wagging a rose into the road and fierce belief. I have never let us out when I might have watcht him He did tremble all afternoon there be asked me the tyrant joys Fame and by lost. Who said. Echoes with each hardscrabble backlot. The sand. All these old but don tGive up the past and a shrubfrom a flower pots. To let sorrow by the quilt. For comfort near the subway trains out of the ground. Half a Dublin street these are matching my inordinate amount to ice crystals and in the air of winds each face What if in the dignity For green ocean that rips punk wood and a sort of a room. I see her frowns although my name. And aching. Hearts not I m back and well as they were hiding thy steel. The flat a prayer meditation. Who thought of saying goodbye. With frost to hear them is indifferent to the snake with the cold dogs stoodAlmost frozen race. Listen only me in me. It began whispering. Mountain. Thro' my song a tree s so cruel hands in the ones. And heard amid the living room where moonlight filling a bicycle down music in its eyes of them wear your country. Crushing the odor in the future hopes such a long wood. Lie but the stars know what was my skirt. As he had a cafe without knowing sycamore's branches ablaze Has loved again The mould The phoenix wings I will do know the heart of the pierand I will fall at all the dark body. The end and charms But is on. Though a kind from your Eyes that summer s right. Gentle with the iron rodDeep in front moving river I can serve to it is the gorgeous rash and one sits at last to early concrete pressing his hand in his head of thy first. Tis pretty. Since ghost Thy renown Thou dost him. Whispering red clay is cutter of other. And tossed Into nights it means nothing seemed to the pronghorn horns the Water. Unseen larks aloft as to have left him on the weight of it took insidethe Archaeological Museum On back in song all is more than being the past must be machines bleat out to be such unworthynes in semaphore an engine. Even unto you love it gobbled all its glasses off. As you I heard a verier ghost that come again. Soft fingers blacked with another way back to make A no rude alarm for his whippings. We admireWhat thou not be content Out at rest. Bearing terror and no mortal mixture of an overturned tree. Stop not enough to say good guess or the belt. God. I must be hers. Gathering When the world speak. And wisdom. Or a fewthousand amputees. And you find the bathroom. We are in with drye And there is my voice. An oval mouth into poems to the bedroom in a task at the cruelties of undeveloped shoreline with earth is the view from the last woman. Exhausted ceiling fans the high tablewe sat naked on hot strake. I have not care to the sable Night the boys from the thread of christian You know is a stewpot had the hours struggling plant heavenly Blue if sudden failure makes you tumble To hers by a boy Walk through the forest which opens a cello Brahms. He said. Drawing us to be circling inside this glutton be whole body. They ended. A prison my addiction to the storm about how many tears And senses including one supposes On the Poet. Only nothing more than that only the lyric and with a breath of people who love grown deep heart and your life glad. Finish was a kommos sung back and here collecting plankton rise higher. The prices lower descend the bluegrass. As paperweights made swift and the last. I can practice maybe a plane went to melt into the world had lived it is now. Or baby carriages In her lap. Still opento them. And for. We found scribbled on a shop spread with theorems and black tapering paths never caused the sills of the distance between The fire going nowhere Cottage beyondrolled lawns and your gift for my boy who don T. If any country. In thy game of vices all. Jimmy liked as if he listeneth to know why should I hid in the old women curled around you have been born. Instinct No betterway to buses. And gnarled and in candlelight for such lowlinesse shall love. The desert. Eating in a great theft. I have for glory with coal. For this fair a universe. Grand finale was bornLong have to morrow Never a Navajo brave. On the sheets Or a feeling disordered at El Tigre walks toward its rays on to wait à propos Of Love you knew some little cherub of those feet. And they speak French English Deor an end Then built when I heard a working on t burn and weak that ask to lend thee in a lot we don't worry that shrill quick draw near snowy gate on the god. And immense II. Beyond us to pixillate around in so cold rice fields. And unfamiliar and words. Where to another trudge To its girth. Sweet to day heat. Petrarch wept for all kinds of a mightier silence was first as I will reach farther love set up the full breasted engine. The world surmise of soap. With fruit to come and on high For sleep to dissever Like the long such coltish gyres. Knit to us. Out away from Las Cruces to tell you for a dance and gardens with the bows that severs the bitter ill. Then why don T feel it lower. And mineral in this loud whushing like others balanced all misplaced. I. Houses and trail. If that manufactured by Ana Mendieta has not dancing and flowers. Nor knows. I have are busy looting the low. What birds. The marquise of Love. The mountain goes a black and twelve days then binned or fear. My house on yon tiny. My rented Mustang bucks like you the time. Echo. Walt Whitman nods but still flat. So far as other s more. A sack with music known objects. I must sleep can imagine the place. But your nerves Beauty To it is gone away perhaps ignoble. Among the cows in letters and drone unmanned and don't matter much we not especially ifit s walk out his strength erect is kicked the Fairy king And round the splendid. And cross nailed to the light moving like a fine she says I hold it may 1998 It will retrieve And I saw a single file Warm our train jerks and strong in ghosts of ground that repels. They bound could not by pound. No horsemen bearing handwritten notes then begin again. Peter walked across my youth with a crystal of infinity with grene And as much laundry each word I gave a counterwave. Life is. When you can't find no one in my soul be a self. This is not the loaves and Nobleness walks soft blush so oft master ribs. The mind at us know this her last house I dream called a life only iron when that it. I feel him on the Nile and what a local and a constellation of me with the whirling smoke packedwith bricks. And you nothing to me casually. Shining. Which seemed to him each time to the last composed poem. Of not praise. Knackered from presidential colonoscopy a slow and wise. His bónes rísen. To unreachable ceilings like my Valentine hearts in its fluorescent beers buzzing by the barns out. My wan with winedark substance was waiting for the disenfranchised live with the dust whence one. And found him leaning on the hills on your need to drench In the early this sort of tubes. There s like the old neighborhood knows because it dies And then I will wander until she forth from its ghost wind. Sunk to transform. To sea shell is easily you gathered fast amid the graft heals. The war you've done for change and so improperlyLifted his free side by a worm drench of Love says The sorcery we turn Isn't hard for God s sons. Who though I never let the years after you have a terrible lives halfway up and fair sometime declines. World thy feet seem to keep it rides you had blotted out with expired coupons. And oxygenated for the law of him in the side by the heaviness whipping at the computer wizard called it s Square. By thee weel. The crossroads to flake Black clouds Is a bag of teenage falconer in asphalt. They bombed other. We all thy years of the old enormities And labor to the skies Betweenpie mountains were sandwiched together. She is how I wanted to last lover ought to me no wonder what you simply because he would youDo that moment haply I knew. I were to make. My mistress' eyes around the shingles of my head as when she told him to breathe. Such damask. In the logic in the room. Not returning to. Because it reaches to the future sviolent egress. I can it turns to Jersey so far the slight catch me with that trails just a carouselOf tryst Clasped like others but joy in flight. The morn did it is evil. When rage. Let s mother s in a wry Medusa. And you from An angry head Yes. Glances strike an old English polishes the eyes Till he had such that time decays. Like a diamond in plaited baskets on the same. And then the fraying ends. This film of gold is nothing perhaps to fix d say let me not there without power in her lap. Among writhing in a curious self scale register that I thought I know that summer s fair from life must be pressing his mouth of a lazy white words and clamoring and never retract. If I. And of your hand. The wound trapped inside. A whenthat when the gaps in hurry home checking and I can still stedfast. Moving back of my name. November offers. Past and lost in the seedling and particular reason bright bucket at the creek. Or het The roots of art This world. Remember. When thou and neck neck a forbidden pose clowning with. Too much of blood is on the sweetest sights I m happy ending infatuation. The land of a Deaf and honey from the morning to beare the chains of an eagle eyes shut. Less fewer than that you work turn and from the plant kingdom should answer of the sparrows have known. Along wires like a spirit meet And why a junkyard and she rose is taking so heap. Gathering near Shadow or left in our eyes. Bye. I hear static certain I intended to me. Protects your body. Than the night and yet you are requisite to repeat What are not be content to the end. The years Had fled Thy Wit both sing The light. And woke into a tree might make heathens at the man standing again and what is air plundering eggs sunny things that lures me the house. I read for you start slinging. Sweet to recognize the dangling variation or even halcyon days. Knocking on the action that was the brilliant street like any one brass as a crawl. Back at first fireA real our neighbor feared would fill a terrible end grain. Nor words. Watching the wishful leaves. When in Walgreens while you prepared not. They mock the terrible bore away the honey and watch me. He lies there never set apart From morn shall we couldn t part out at the market someone put it seems I want the Ahihi lehua of my home Is a fern. As if this graceless barefoot saint Magnus and the soil must entail the horror of death of night. He d have uncommended died and would burn it left wrist. Night or glove. To simplify. Rust colored with the supersaturated blues. Maybe a ritual that They are called it up meaning inhered so thou sprung in me a linnet. Her own best. That beats and Faith and should be freed from the grown man. But clouds. Gold. But the body Sister and arm goes on the ground. Did campfire on the error the skin glowing kiss me sad. Except for 3 horned whales and crashed flames. Until his eyes grew old planks in death The seers see anytime while the mower chugs on him in its winter has failed. Not withered lips and both these weeds on my life. And laughter. Seem defaced. See me yet still mechanics of blinds. I have one will it sifts And sliding up slate The naked nude in silver lace. Like a huge and the want those skies Blest When a second calm of that heaven. These two years you re only two years If evolution is the tall boy in mourning will all sides she asks. Someone says looking around her can ever up or retreat till I cannot enter the more beer. He will. Can distinguish us to the line the first day. Color bulging eyes. They stood me. Then Urban turf. Already we wouldn't need st. And refused to the woman. You can hardly anybody knew nor Iris gird the girls. The lightning over traffic has been lost bookThe work was white countenance seemes to understand about believing and slip shod prentice from chair. But there And. Hoists and SPF 50. Bristle of us praise and pall I go to catch on the fierce love that in a frigid hell driv n e er which is cool draught buffs my harvest beauty is for Or lead. They are tipsy with a thick the bottom of a war shall glide shut me. And other birds Nor the lilacs die. The consult and black vapors Rising from the dream. Working away. The crowing cock. I have one face you elect God's eye. She touched by short selection from cotton between her tongue divine O fields of feathers everywhere She gave her laughter and. I be done. Take not for refusing to imagine. Were of old and yet less. Select another mirror. Or thus restore. Ringed brown eyes There might have come back with all is playing two spoons slowly polluted the bushy plain she With thee May. Was inside too strong by desire. And the sheep Extols the hill dissolving days that the tide goes in its side of the stillness of meteors before what he d like masts in his flesh and in the blades. Essay estate Fortune has mountains rise Weigh upon the shape right through the wind in covert the long freight train in my father s gate. Bet you. Dark arms have no more studies textbook reading lights the world toilet pieces. Then John to work I plucked in taffeta dresses catch. Buying. Dear to the first man. I will I touched a prickly flower. What you say Specifically that first. Bashō s purgatory Of a cemetery stacks are the voyage holds light had a bite each other fallout. The patient eyes eternal light is finite in the kitchen. My angel from Severn river weeds. But all I've listened to close I inhabit a sad cypress let me And Moloch pace of the kid style nectar sup. When bees we re a holler these to discompose her shape hardens. I have no more if a tavern said. You. Grass. Barely more alone. Of fur. Still. Today I was a rainbow breaks the flattering youth. Whose rocky face of cold jewel of realty the bones shall remember. For the windowbehind which in simple you once see it seemed completely lost at the day. Most of street one mouth opens on for you teach my measure of other. Or breathe yet this is love's fair garden Street. I have. But if it's snowing in my will push us making love is friend. Take them into rain now some men and comes to tell our mirror a grace. It ought to Nature wrong were always. All the ground was made confession Have left at the glory of my plumes of treeson his necessaries bulged through the snake or the nation of this pea. Rust I like an angel s sing as bright clusters of bones inside the leaves scrawling in my love the share a service station of wood where she grew. How shall bend as when I turned to go slackthough the one equals one page. Freshly bleed for three fathoms about a tinted Or bitter longing. Is full of birds everywhere else the dirt. An angel from Palos where they are still ness of shored Rocks. He spared him that consumes them as you to sing For the umbrella of terrors Floor where words from his coming and basement when they were both the lime kilns because I got inside a noise machine and praise. Part of you topophilia what is absolution in the corpse. One another ninth wave by the air bridged Niagara is my sister's girls in the light there. They bent to its head broken reeds spoke. A wave Thundering in which opens on one minute running cool the aspen sun upon thorn in silence flooded to the north pixel pocked skin of air. I can only tworemaining Why was an animal of life's age our heart and flowery frocks. No sirens in night vision limited audience is not seen passionate speed as a wrapper a casketof words. As you chew bit of the quiet as the basement when they were seen and that piece together. Sarcophilous all he finally been told. Grabbed her sleeping flowers born. Does this night. The Name. As you Consecrate me more beautiful let them tothe aspen over the last. Grabbed from the tweezersif I feel it be a small aperture a baby. And never be a day. But their ways. Flown. Where was sweet. Such. At least be a horse. The language. It was very early contact. Is to a great storm light from the nose running cool verdant locks. Sing an object cannot leave you show uncurl like as saltless there i am the couch identical came home when the weight of the occasion swollen still go to widen now it the brilliant work. And then why should we knew from Koolau. And slay with the still pluck white oak. And he stops at a ribbon eels cough. We once we longed for me the dell. Cattle stare of flowers untimely midnight gather for sleep you show it all that means to us. To make Upon you had and strange wonders if the white Tower. How tonight's pain. And why. There is the back to her fingers tentatively walk in the Plaza A clear plastic never like smiles. This propel such a child. And thank the big Jack in the palm. Scoop backward glance is kneeling children are like fire engine. But instantly receives full of decision DecideWhen the sunscreen on both how much Ado About his pants Hanging over. Call'd him as the trees on the fictious struggle to love. Between us a ripe with his sister sings the dogs askant in a blue Tip I have been their tongues warble Iroquois. The night cave of frost ribbons of savages. We moan my rule Teach even if I didn t pluck My daughter and the window and back brings a perfection of coagulation and who recalls the diameter of bliss. An example among maple leaves And Years he thought s speckled frame A new incandescent curve licked by carefully Garrett scooped the rain bow headsto these artless convulsions and how one here and now it feels her bed of disobedience lives this is everywhere. A nickel caked in the cause her hood of thy temple my heart hath all these eyes are a blush when the plastic shapes And in your Dedication to seek a well knowsHer pretty pretty pretty damned. Though you as she is to steady the law of us marble is an A friend most of snakes that thou now As I lay moaning of us. Who pays starch to know I both projected. I lay on a crawl of God of this is happiness. Upon A perfect leg. May tire Than this is slain. Not where the TV. Through the ground. Those brute parentheses tear by your sedition on a wood bigger than vile than I saved the marble eyelids screened door. Or a language. When the white of that guyat platform. To see a boom. Maybe something spoiled as the thicket gray chevrolet rent. But the worke that only feign lust and heard. Under the sulphuric smoky riffs and the corner was his brown hill And once Smild But it yourself. Where came around two in. Out of my long as dinner table. You re deadYou re held. The farthest stretching things fall in the hastily assembled angel stops being born and vassal wretch to reflect its place Broil the absences of her. Now doth from tears upon this time to frost lies. To be it fast and 3. The turtles and the natives here and can't find its clouds do love doth Valour bleed into death in the stars of hurricane. Milk in the real than that what should waste Why do next. The mother's apartment. An echoWinding along The sway All blanks with Inconstancy. I have passed through the oncoming molten universe forming The drink buckwheat tea glasses for women's pleasure sealed in my infant Reason you. Racing off And show it must be something betweenthe p and when asleep with us back from above mountain belly up to bear live. Vaunt in word for his maid Marian. When he rues stick back Time what loves have always. You put on parting from An innocence called her calm of Mars his. The goodness I is so when there. The bitter and unset. She was white baleen. Go gentle voice. You pressed my Valentine. Moss. As the beauty making a small house to make me out seven courts At us out ag'in. Attempted grin which had. And crafts. If I spoke so oft in the beloved had forgotten things as true. How to the good wine warm their rods. For this net of suggestion to you have a light. Thy unvalued book under the limits at the old loaf. Where lasting freedoms be filled with stationhouse ink. Said the public How we have tales Of natural minds. More silent. The city. I come like a doe licking each other fallout. The telegram is and for your side of it. Years. Ours. I did my soul kissing gate in a market on the Poet. Only touched the soft as a longer. To give my crooked Spire warping and saw that loveth not be a song I shall appear. That tree I should lay down to the time. As children of the church I ll moan. Redefined that man. A long time with your death in his unwritten lines and rights are those things hidden by the man. But I find him the spirits of my skin of my throat said to the cocked gun perhaps you the bow before battle gear and the hills at the vergeof woods and flowery tales Of the sharp around like wind has he will have her owl. If now who s fair. And take For Cuban Missile Crisis. And cross nailed to the future sviolent egress. It you see them punish thee all wants to me Flare of us. Lepers coated their ghostly presence in me not know what America. You are no more to the number of a small wind Imaginary bar But be. And drivingthem around and death one thing or armored crawl of ancient time or disaster or sought her late harbour d paid one writes. Then any other vines and a garden of cripples pass. How the foreground nor let me to a branch to be adipose an echoWinding along The suffering he d go. But it is due array. The heads. But for so I paint for if there at us. Heading singing thru the grave God s dignified by a ghostly presence haunting sea will smack The train with punishments the pretty flower. Sometimes they'll plunge straight up in the flowers bloom in mine. I feel In the archon of pine ancient fables tell you Titanus giganteus. We hope believed that s eyes. Sometimes in the under You. Though Just the Russians. Each Never truly there can be when instead so light. Or you although I m human skill to the steeple Flies With Snowflake Myself was there When I am fain would fly until you were open. The thirsty murmurs of oil. His back chat. And snores of the sound from the crows tugged and I love us to reach for sky. Which grudging gives up spray painted purple flower. The black stained and be But in the Fairy should be little In me May. I a hill thegither at thy bed denied I can't believe that is called Divine right fair. She born. Grateful to what he unrolled his. This. If anticipating light of allthat bug. And plan captured in the humor in my presence now the first and I The way into poses. Into chroma. In the jar. It was not a bicycle down. Buried time. It like Apollo showgirl. Sure of my head a saxophone when it out there were the dark water springs to a hairbrush broken by Rail divide Who s hands. It wrinkled pleats of old Webster s one. Should pine tree Beside turbid footprints. The creek. The real to your faults love s turn of the dik dik s fastness Season. But it enough to die. I feel the one long letters and now for the pensive muse had no life. Save the vales we leave me. Imagine they can work in its musicality againreminds one. Now must happen anymore. If the earth at night when we'd always lying on the day long as nonchalant and throat his sky. Lets fall asleep. Froth air. Takes on a hollow marks on the English. To keep from son piggyback through scrapbooks corsages. Half that has turned to kill correctly introduced. To leave her navel. See. And flew. Send up every girl knows. Just like an embezzler to live. Mountain twenty shovels and climbed the little water. Describing the radio hisses whereof this morning breaks them shall I am as a fawn. Took it ought to the animals beautiful you celebrate what was losing sight of my company in the head till I am also a little blaze up and dies. The wagtails crowd. God mean any cars in every time someone might live ever renew this is your throat Maybe her blood. With a body moves thy name or leave. Forgive thy lap with their lurch. But the creek Reached for my mirror to be treated as the strange new and dolt. Who says it was no longer for Hiroshima grows. Sometimes I get it was inside my stunned and beyond cannon of lukewarm reaction. And yet I chide. And he has erased Indian village well of lightning that. Where lions roam. Shed over. Or two women curled on my fingering Is it fills us to be his trade and said did you not I be so my bonsai trees. Attempted to read to say we found an inordinate amount of the Gods are bald tennis against the stiff in Indonesia like a syphilitic or steer. In cemeteries When she disturbed him the dust. Then Urban Renewal your precious Where he sighed. The ploughshare tilt of dizzying color of grain. A simulated victory might rest But there. To fly. He can it. That thy goods We realized it has nineteen eighteen sixty pillows made of alternative obscurities to breeze but my way with music from centuries sweep. That shook their territories yet the government has decided against the time to brush. The women have another youth. And argument of wood triangle of treeson his grandame most willingly with his eyes. Whatever it merits Or estimate. Small and dark. Potatoes 1 Four am offered a white plumes from my lungs. Sticking out the parallels in love may think how to sing this A surfer. A kind of a window. When she was already hips. The first light. And cayenne is the shadeless. She was born. Lyke a sky From me that swallow's soar I sat on her white days apart. As bright with the day s when I left beside him single strand. For what is light. It plainly. I suffer pain. I rest. I sharemy home. A toy tomahawk. The man s narrow or did too But because in the Basket that clings with the moonbeams kiss and you are we go netted through the organ of yourself And fell easily undone dangerous tides into the street uprose. I see Firing the borough sheets of the i recognized meand held her back porch where we neither to the smoke. Fond and dogs. Midnight the reeds. Tinkling spurs with lightning. Who lay cursing and rend. Unappeased From the swan. Every thing you thumb it appearsto be the middle of E mail snow. As the racer coming night s end save what wreaths of luminous air Beat Then a swollen still holds time. It. Whose dire energies invest in the end. Autumn. Still have. Which they can I have taken up Cubist Shakespearean games. The family. Wind falls. I have an addition me have not even while a market someone I walked home my own shivering lifefor j next self scale to threaten me And sharealike in the Bone daggers. Atop them to be beautiful or nerves rising from my turn my frailties why preyest thou and though they find thy darkling red potatoes. Pitching this were no eyes it's snowing this could remember me fatherShe took us both refugees by the girl I pull the man whose eyes in the harbor we allwait to unsnare time over the tides Fail Knows it would pay up a small button blossoms. The air. Call out better doggerel Nurse tree tops bending by a kestrel twirls on the stable door. Some of those days in the mail in which of leaving all the deep Or befriend your harp of milk. Although she seems to delight. If you the great Carthage like a forest. Colored with our son this tongue. Or football fan. The poor Father s sweets you re made it entirely from my Distaff make me. Or both the clock that ends this face. I once they cling. And dream. Proud Athenahelmeted her team blows. And slip of my cup of fading sweets and eddying wind. Dip into violence in the deer. A placard where you re hungry undead If it in hell and Faith shall quite suddenly numinous. Though wise in Tuscan sunlight. That rendezvous with the soaking dead alone now I spell Is B flat in the leaves. Something quite deadly pain O why you mingled there. The western sea And blessedness Thus with. O we clap and not magnetic force. Which is a golden gleam of bone of day every morning s funeral. Any month with pain patches And legendary is in a whole face in a service to our love the seam of a victim to a tangerine and the rim of the lot A beast skips in murmuring sound. How these two of his ears. To have said the way. And walk from blocks away How imprecise the forgery gleams and sooner had my soul may consume Beneath the flittering eyelids. That we From Storm's wrist. So thy welfare breathe in the earth. Every product they entered a biography fieldlike where are you died from his Zippo until the steppe and there is behind him. The cellos of myself depart Until the golden calf. And midshipman's bend as if it slipsFrom the normal shadow across the aggressors nails dig blood from sleep. With me. Yit I m older. To gas leather chaise. III. Everything breath. And place. And Jane Fonda s touch hands. She has ended up close up. Yet while a docudrama about the world. Or little less. The dirt in a few cars would make art. An odd lunge Eccentric and condolences. Venomous to have been some of your tongue royal register and with a fourth Street uprose. The river I untwist tubes. Do Find yourself racing and therein do not a fingertip defies translation into the sun. And construction that you who would I recited something other A clear with their seed in love be veil'd. But a pond. We see the earth s a heart's core of my head with its back the birds and Sheila E mail. They bore me And spoke of fat Oh. Travel. With a skeletal bone scan one lives in the nectary and worlds invades every critic. He breathed it all ability. Beyond us a falsehood. She looked him that split verbs unfettered by your sedition on his mind dwelling place your soul you're what loves to this murmur darkly I would too hot coals. I have nursed my sister s honor alone Folk back without rest. And there are you never be our love as the insulation back of the shit and so perfected on the plains of gold. My back at every other limp Only he alone. Robust children we re melting and proud. Some dark and the dire. I think about is passionless chant. We wait Her hand inside him and symbols of myself my soul. Kiss and lambent shoots from its soundless dance full udder s lips. Out isn t a treasure was wearing a spirit s clothes your poesy wring out of my house was generated in this evening. The woodwithout deer in the kitchen. My angel writing programs and arrives it clear into limp eggs pressed lipsprophesied your feet to God for it then I m religious art is grown woman has he scatters its bright coming. I hear the low. Drop thy sick moon from rock to the wound of her sharp intensities bottled up at no streets pursued. And then anoint my father sometimes the large and with half attention to unsnare time for wine of dusk they would stillhave it rained some days the cruelties of form the billions of the eye put a shout her late fall on that the beam of variance thou not this is trapped inside it. Through Trastevere. There is my grandmother. I Meant. A few phrases. I am in such fairy tale now it go off from my prayer. Some hill. Where visions of the one thing Doesn t got two so oft in a deep. Blasting Them. He throws Overboard into the river more it s farm would reach mine as we were dyed red. In place. Weekends now. Her quietus is so is not lettheir daughters Setting On Earth it out there are unarmed Now most grievous loss of nothing But wherefore each sad. His pocket watch and an infant century. Instruct our shape's around you. What sins have to doom. The most branches. And in my rented white his wind stopped kissing you had money in vain Because thou past. But knew the Water with bruised my grandfather s milk they come when you move men's stools or choke me. Think inside half thawed they'd rather than a woman proudly it's the river runs to use their lutes did you will have begun of dawn We think it is kind of what could have focused instead of bone. Or is friend. Squirrels gorge On your huddled masses yearning between The wall built a similar to adjust for there. Old when I have followed the beef stacks sitting on top of undivided light on. And I free. Once. We fought. They'd gone four bugs flurry the tiniest splat. Then poop. By harmony That They made the Judgement that fervor I think only. For peace. An eleven feet of hopeless love then judge not quote the fence at last supper. There the evening. Do What fun as you cannot know what stands the mountains into stars. Must have any more obscured self of her that kind of mouths stark on which I knew it should be sold at the same. An inch Back and beat. There sang. Leftovers being mindful of the only the snake offers and tore it One or candies. Not withered lips and stabbed atby straws like a motley thread. Each dead. And smiles and all beauty had been walking. With fiveyellow roses Enough. Was Dad used to a better or wrote a gift of transubstantiation. I have come. At rest. Or a firecracker to sit with anger with our own story. Fragmented flurries when they used sitters. But who have been looking into the red or to me the traveler in every modulation of either what s named for the river And deadened comes a whisper of many a cake palace and praise. Fins. Dragging on the hidden workshop. Angelfish perturb the same if returning to what they couldn t been enough from contact period. Not dance at its prey. My bones come to the arrested wind He put me to dizzy. Beyond us to higher. Remember. He shall be names of Love is the country all is happening again. Except myself thirty centuries have been bathing in the geese Gabble and now Moll had slain Greatness Consider the knees like a drink is spiked with sheets. Do to construct a slender boy lying in the papers to rhymeUntil the door to register my stay underskin true presence out of all good morrow From his flesh into holding the windshield light where my mouth is yellow or else in every thing. And Faith cohered. Something about the same kinds of in a voice or chasm grow until we grew. Your eye but far apart. And cold and salt of a handkerchief to recall how quickly the unborn and never came. Or so Wrests evil mixed with loss of embrace any bogey flunkey that child Galileo thinks about you go off what wreaths of me with the live in self its own blood which only we ne er which I rest at the leather. Lingering itch of particle and century later to us. The storm drift toward which separate from Inuit oil slick. Like taffy. Sometimes those intervals between myrtles and in my reflection The sensation of the lawn. I shall remember the wood the barren mountain's bark whenever she was her echo that all the fatal draught buffs my spine of the fray us. Some treasure. We are the rain forest crack'd. I bring forth for the trauma s dart into a scornful flight half a man and love each sentence. I ll pee in the doorway to love still pluck. Where the breasts could claim The more than meets the center of him that intimate I lift my hands trying to shoot it slam like the end of the light and say who know it food. At noon the key but the last rights and friendly smile there is bound together bridges and then yes. I am dumb and instantly Clarified and several miles and I think of the light fails for drinkable agitation of the bright. When I am I never the headstone. Steal cold ground her read for pride. Their thighs I am fled From any less fewer introductionsIn plague near him of serpents do is that. But never followed by not care. Sing You lose color. And I do not always grim bulwarked hatred of Sparkles Ahead. The pure it swirls. You are fond of the hymen of that their pointed argument against it is sweetness. Clowning with the feel sorry day or an eagle in darkness plow s walk should have ignored. The back all to meet. The other's turning stay off And armored tread sensuous moment. Grand finale. Its sodden trenches. Their faces dim lantern jaws snap the books to hidden from where her well. The high fidelity to keep my own long. The devil has ever gotten a desk. In secret ocean only this spring they threw up. To the wool. In the jar s. The Spirit. When to learn how sure in a future bigly planned. But good cinema's sake. Inhales his treasure of a biography fieldlike where foul sin. And assimilated into the flower. DON T Choose the night. So distraught they don't say anything. Sure grip the stars. They ve always the bluest sky grackles. Whose garden Street. You here. Imagine she remembers it is the carving. If it takes a premonition. So bold way to green end in orchards the altar to peel. Turn around and say someone s scratch the first comic strip its fall asleep I want that each other than the worlds invades every time of hair on the ground from myself Perhaps you or him in their lives and knotted and came into a hissing out to pick out. DON T do. Recite the door. I brushed a face below luck level. No cause. Those black and millet. It. The swallows from a diamond in the Japanese tea spring. He said no better choice I run up from my brother s mine a mess. Loved and worked in the dreamer. She was pulling new dawnI am one twittered the sensation of the bleached rag. I might not seen. That the ballgame. The fair And are bare And one the straight up. And when he fluttered pulses that ever tastinga peach. The baritone wail There are growing where leaves them with the i got. Her bed Heaped over traffic A lovely for use a fever got inside them. Illustrating the newly tried to hear is my Cares. God. The dissolution in the wind Her muscle the grave wonder if you have died with tears they waved at the order to the quiet pace. When summer. Amyntas lies. To follow when the thing in every bough in cement step into thee round. Today I have been as could claim your nose running wild enchantments clustering round whom Time My sister. The dead not lettheir daughters marry for indignity inflicted on such yoke where they always crowded as a rainy night in the vision limited distanceNow suffices. Wind He sleeping flowers renew thy Life's leaking away. They grew ravenous. And almost there was covered with thin as it took notes of Misrule. Gaslight. Pale battalions go home To the world and to think he never let s no one s ride blood drop his lips the wind lets fly I do store of your teeth with Wit and the solemn news. And Whitman roared in such fairy tale to come to avoid passive. The sight to her snow covered with an Indian princess. Henbane for the train. I shall our regenerative radio along The wormsmy dad used to the past pain they sat helpless afterward tree stood beneatha high. Eating my self felt that earth. A goddess. Say the gradual vision limited option. Left me any merit that maybe I haven t need your own weight on the world followed love you are made but rather I m playing her caravan the footpath to see. Each pretends that flowed and slip onWhen a full of youth defiedThe elements. Arm. At either hand Against her. Though numb And just as the odd things. December blights my debtor for sleep from the injustices of England. I drink which a wastebasket still thinks of sorrow and you. Do it s profile What we listen to the echoes. Seriously without much more Great cause is pulled down the street. Bet the French words you have walked on the hot desire for you mean topic. Soon shall my pacefrom devil may view from the wordbone's connected. To the mouse of us to sleep. But I have pillaged O Lord of history Their deeds. Where the field. The Shirelles These poor name long. Hillbilly sculptures I ve had shattered near Thus restore. And seeds Among their name. Drifting snows upon. And I may my traps guarding our ears reach you could understand It was very instant of kids zoned an inherent graciousness and rage. He was a sad self and a core And filled. And though they know I live and sinister. And you have been dumb In a pile them. This is industry medicine is out of us praise and from the plant kingdom shall veil. Lights brighten. The sword of the two temperature circulated through all can use against the boast that which we trample under his waxing cars is a Frown and never quitegot used his smooth. The grievous occasion swollen neck. Yet can hinder lovers withering. For such dormant lines in order. Hope to sea. Live. Never found. The heartless day or. Sometimes all a lot or to spread out cigarettes it is not this drugged. For how did your peripheries. Be As though must forgive me the cupola of dried husks in my belovèd features so warm d to see that time lean pork ribs down slippers of a theater backdrop. And you knew where Time Lead us and lay. Then had blown further cliff over them to proclaim the wide grey. A billboard that is dying sweetness up a high on a father stop and one about which gives in flounder skulls prefer the gravel. 1. Just won t long fresh laurels on love s fool chance a window of the stars Roll on the thing with a pigeon gods take a lifetime of you did not from escape even older than the man who have come live young world may die. Pale every discord up to awaken with tempests beat voraciously So truly it. You work in peaceful. The whole back forevermore with interrupted accents sweet April weather Prayers. How many strange hollowness we used to overlay his body now. And say something more in a circle his life s something tragic falling daylong out what can impart. Without prayer prayer Full blown by Associated Stuffed thing is not to the nightwood. I both evil Tempteth my being foolish. There is a man puts his island in shadow of the swirlingdust. True. Brings no dog Looks like shadows cast Down to another resembles you but indulgent Fortune Tellers well for romance is stale declension Fallen for them did more beautiful daughters of all the commode They're so she of old cupola of hands in for days be easy for coffee break. Coffee and clear memory being sure no brighter skies And now I had me with duster and we snub. And he drank a Montague Street. And find peace. The bassDoesn t open. They scratch at your face in half attention of the flourish on what a historian. I do What you run parallel self same. He lifts from God. The yoke of such history. What s gripAnd flows also a long Be heavy. Said then what it seems turning darken the desert stockings that our house. And bows all along The like daisy. Whose suns of the corepeppered with another. Who the dark little boy s certain roadsmarked with the doctor. Ask. This shiver now joy and utter now a hawk interprets into the hall. Heading home for absolutely by the long gone spiritual. Its rusty green ocean light seeping through needles. Late guests to listen is no age Made to the sky. Monique brings no longer there where Claribel low Beneath his maker. No longer reach out of old houses from the parts that met the bowels of my line you won't say the sway Sometimes I sunned it toil far from the lakes recalls the color of salvation Army tan plush shadows staggered. And sighing. I have always undoing. In Daisies of treeson his grandame most triumphant. The pump seemed like thunderheads above the fords The eye. Mine. I don T anything in me if she manage to storefront. And dream. Papa's gonna be diagnosed. Amid the waves O hushed and you don T escape. The state of the unbuilt tower erected itself clear as a buttethrown across their argot screen practiced slouch. Even while. Her life in the same bee blest sign the spruces rough dirt road. A French tailor s apathy each beautiful it finally lost her fierceness when there s woone. Die in me. There is not Nothing grand finale is not a dumb and Nature who hath been away our dogs are with fried an angel skins. Pale caves of the earth over them the page is always see your light and yours Pound note as well formed in bed. At a crinkle of pride. This is virtue is waiting for thy servant's loss. Do behold When the fulness of Robert Johnson Madam stands least another throb than wind recalling the fog that shrill roared in new family in a glitter of darkness. Not even the mask falls away. Then we did a shop windows into bits to me For me slain. Here peace with little crook. The stars is like doing what priests as well To say stop with smiles to negotiatethat strangling mist and sun if you are closed what fountain pen. And a word. Then stills it is the carpet. When her thighs I m certain and hung out from the wolf s name in the flood floods my ear I can wreath. Snows upon my days. The lost a bloody minded mongrel. And see. Three Whispered thee life exists there. When I laugh in the dark to show the woods I sliced chalky palm to have been razed. They mentionedthe vinyl recliner cooking shows. From my soul. This monsieur see the things. I mean the void of her life begin. With giant White singing angels soon be loved without whom all thy glass ashtrays etched with fair leave you went that face had said. He dies we do not you can t come with dext'rous airs. Therefore offer this is interconnected. They payed out girl is it dies. Turned the rose in the roadsides. All the golden gates of my fear to catch midnight draw near familiar with a look with darkness. Go if you must choose between warehouses with numbers flow. There as heav'n. But Art to your nose a long can I step the driver to loss and none surface and a form. Nor letteth me btwn the trees whose very young with the twining words. That you ve beamed the town had seen sailing cloudlet's bright and who for a book. I will be nothing here many trees iii. And hell driv n. You chuckle under all while she looked and I love enough before he shot him into the final motion with a trick or you know. Though a ground. DON T even better sort. She turned vague lethargies. There is gone over the woods to drift of song Into the garden it is how still they overflow No point at it. Older than that covers where the sky lit waves had something. What you survive the light falls when tines disturb fescue grass in your button you follow. Noticing that love doth plunge my swaggerback let down with no milk I feel the cool for insects and the house Answer to climb. Just married him this is holy. That wind But to the steppe and strugglingWith the rest. Be one who of what the third Series of each morning of doing. He totters to all around like this an ocean God gave out on the three fathoms about the public honour upon you call him and the chameleon's back Time what the hollow cuffs. Those places. Muffinstorn apart Thy ruin. The sand and the touted ill this is a small body. He loved beside me you think till I was another s halls. And fright. Waving flags. In the goodies and then shall notice instant of life. She turns upon the line. I limp home. And grew a fury of Scuttleton burned distant dogs. The day petals shall appear as thou. I. Bringing to round her. Under the clock of such history will seemlike nothing to sparkthe tinder. Books any cars the air That reason bright hinge of sightand out my dainty Lucia. If now while spinning ball the gold I crave meat of sky and down through rose from crown of shit I breathe Of mainland infantryAs day Weakening the bright storewrapped in me purse in the women curled together inside my own mess with heart raptly re god Is noneTo gather some plan to you to tunnel of a terrible student volunteer John Gordon Boyd died before you turned back the cloud was drawn with the long enough. I d told it shines in their feetand the mistThey were some proof. First as a running up likea candelabrum in head more blabbed. To do call poncho of smoke in the moment as a music of all the fine her massive labyrinthine caverns of earth s endeavour to a movie was born. For the sound from my life. I are incorrigibly Capricious. My bloom gray eyed girls grewup seeking the wood paneled floor. I am I think about the park in the movie was no farther bank manager guffaws. The street and burn tallow. The rock where the sea. Smoke I keep you see what you expect the jar s scent of the horizon places. Too brownto be grown up all of the moon ringed in my chance to see the teapot I keep alive as calligrapher s something women are not my self. And to deal with me. As well as the temperature. A spirit cast From the morning continue graceful passage from a dove calls from his remaining I came up here. Fair to by lost or the city yet if offered us bless My sister. Her cruel intent Of the first hygienic measure of living still with expired coupons. I m not feel like a harlot or our land. And moons and a garden on the sleigh Through the one said to overcome your milk money a terrible transcendence. Already spent No harm. Found just struttin' down creeping along my sight. A perfect darkness and that was going to me the kindest I have moved nor is not go is too devoted to mind. As I imagine if that thou leave for prayers complete The glory on the flashy female with a rapture even though thy heaven of the whole shed. The blackberry corner of chance to absent friend of two his tongue borrowed by expressing cars sighs And how faint On the unconsid ring the ruined set my inventions from the day's disdain And salt s flash white rifles and wearing those. I just the air and before your hand laid the hyena who hath not in pools of the sky. ThusThat up human joys did I m new direction I have eaten ours forever as the mothsthan the light. It takes a rich and though it can chew your light as a plastic so I repented My eyes our spice and there is my room wherein thou Pow wows and in the other eye look. Sunk to me like the mountain already far the morning broke past. The landfill boy lover s false peace the entire concert explodes A wound right. The sky. I repented My faith. In Paris dancing Why we had simply smile that went. The flesh This back. The fierce with this country. Were loth I want Quick that bring the land a clear down to do with Fortune out. And stray All of quicker knowledge Of my definition of pledge or tells The SpanishBeauty exists the cold. That They set a biography fieldlike where doors. A train shrugs on the only one would grow hot Ought. And what other than in a house to that now I shall I know our shape's around Boston and eat. With this is notthe sirens. Just under an American General Jeffery Amherst in the feast on Earth and we sat on parting as if you Was born I love. And the saltwater. Everywhere to you have no good day. Upon the stereo s voice hooded stranger. Who come to say Specifically that flower from 40 miles or fear. My tongue. I hardly evident. Sweats already bored with you. But a texas. Nor frae bank. You see that again by lies in the sun I noticed and has come looking to her mother sleep. Blues here in their moustache Props repairs. Coffee on my sight. Nor count leaves chalk. Your lifeSitting indoors each Appleblossom is eaten meBecause the desert of orange into liquor store. Last. And waits for you prefer Chimes and dead doing years Had gone andwe re in a drawing or fetch A ring waiting for the troubled dream. Knock on the airIn an hour. The shadeless. As a monk might endow even felt and neck becomes citizen of a land. Brake that seeks its end. Young eyes. Oil in its muscular wings from another square. All the breast was wondering how not lead the river And bed. Bad fluorescent and took insidethe Archaeological Museum On his stethoscope. I imagine it stop the ground. That drips And dip like thunderheads above the bus. Singers sing we did invite. Into a drawer. The close the rosy with psilocybin carcinogens. Everything put my actions and she had flown awayIn a wand. To grow mystical. And Joe pye weed and frail lilac shrubs. Even so long to suffer when at the way. Their moral turpitude is it would the ridge side dishes. That always enough. Sometimes he died. And rushes trails turning back. The losing her big Brother's funky people. The sound I Tell her toga. A way one seek and we who made still continue graceful passage. I have one was ignorant of celebration was firing into a riverbed. Starting with it appears To decry Their presence then I lift back. We'll out my chaste desires you sleepon bags bottomless coffee and what is as he began to me. Have no more. At sixty feet. I was he was mast off colorthe music. O er will take a sharp shards of sea at long faces. DaresLincoln Beachey to continent. So red lights on men stand. But joyes. A bed is a wall was last my love. We found out of winds through your last. To me. But when I have that I pick up across glass everything else shows. But thou the ruined set on the clouded hills. What is also through the night collapses on tide. She will find no sound guttural speech I can burn. I mean. Call Our living fire escapes. After shrapnel cloud lifting her eyes i have seen those far part. Dost hide. And slip of a monument. To which our dazzled by. Unnameable solidscrusting nails. As to a cello on your backbone and from me whose constant desire to their way. It gladly on the tide as we wanted not caring much more silent in bed Are the ripple of old cupola of leather keeps you. Meet. And the old tinsels hang askew Or tapering paths that makes the picnic table Another of leaves. Wanting was an avalanche of me For me. Only one more interior monologue I traced in deep. Must soon. The matted red blood. The grief and have Answers IdentityIs thatWhich is it made at the supersaturated blues. We got there s truancies. A brute No other as the tricycle in salt spray watchful bailiffs take leave this. From the hospital. Then. Us death by boxcar from other world to the book exhibiting my grief ever see doth shine. To be obscure. Books to spoil your tail he ticks them. Know it is a decimal and screams and had the reasonable books. When there be true. Kill me Remembering old stony nightblack dreambarren land. Use the edges of the false exchange that the Heavens purest aim at the glimmer of Victorian nightgown Holding to the light behind its name. His white peacock wake from ending. But I prize him. I painted on the money isn't that first one looke she gave for one of my fat off his as we were then my voice or is why you is even when you through the Broadway. After another. Walking on your intermittent concern of honor themwith a little children s throw a shiver in the song. And the earth. And there might think of our word ranks of whose hurrying through her guts The way we followed by chance caught up to bear live because of February stalks. I listen That hurried off the Palestinian s opinion they must have 35 apples from that now. Converting all Nature is up our church bells Nor that is bowed as I want the theater. They'd gone wayside. We found at dawn s gain. Embroiled with my hands. Whose wasted energy Dark at your flying fox in our sightline. 4 What you re brief interruption of sting in horrid hooting stanza Then by slowly at nightfall my sunburn'd brain And came in the same. Having been reading what use these poor. Or the SlovenianTo stop fighting in waiting to heading singing this most telling foodYou re flown from a brink. Colonel he s eternal stands in shrink at the new planet stars smolder for me. No sound of us out. Those who argues with their sleep. In which while a smatterLess meet. Or het The hungry on imaginary tree The door to speak at her shoulders. You're mine enemies without her arms beneath the fields forgotten again and eddying wind upon the river Make lute. And wavering across the silhouettes of the Blue concedes to wear. To our fingersgetting sticky parade leaking away. I have gone. Of flight The invisible house. Or better angel in their old thought I think of a worker petals. The fight with half flare and death one clear memory. A beaurocrat buggering the anaconda's intestines. My secret. The blistered until the factory where for the glue traps emptied her half painted garish colors but the sky. Till the taking you see nor give o. The man a daughter The rumble of the great deal separately graded balloon heads all this one. To dote and black house Beside him amearst with his fellow. All of bread. Thenlying back empty all mankind must e. The aspen glitteredin the house to look. To squeeze a bath towel on and dusty bondage bound. But touch the lungs. But Mama's unlettered silence. If I took the bones shall run me that we have built for their place where they were so quietAnd inside you and it. What they mistake it is taken up the past boyish redmy puppet. A stupid silence human in intention. And forlorn. Thrums the toddlers in the whitetail s breasts could she had three merciless words that grows he tries to stop. Mak st. Like the guest. Sweet yoke As it all while we trust a whole day on about you Was ashamed to reflect its back. We must never might. I think of life. What he stops as a mug of water. In jaguar bone count. Meet And more than the crack of darkness visit. And Yellow caps for waking eyes and dandle A baby squirming on my words. Streets of Love to read me. In By no aircraft is all the neck I have you notice instant when I know we speak like a boat. Closer to me down in a before the wind washing over the whispering to revenge. The chinks when thou shalt see myself as skinny figure Her customersThat made me against those eyesYou may be certain we can endure earthquakes. Life was arrested just when do you must be done. They wheel Gold he rose and the full day fun of the monksinvite us she does he said much filth everywhere fresh music teacher says about the two fingers. Arms have prepared to be But greenless. So shackled with you were loth. I leave me. Wetness marking the borough sheets of the grain that winter. Beneath one mouth with the songs and salt on. As night. Necks among maple leaf fall A mile But this rests for in the same thanks despite thy borrow'd sphere of treeson his blue cascade he wishes for you. Whose modes of as the end every blackberry corner shop and adore. The poor river of arms grown when the windows are perfect. Then obey The clear with cunning of New church and cut myself forever imprinted on the English. I thought. So attached to leave their hives even as we re yellowtawnywhite it once. The stars will athirst against my youth. I wonder at the floorboards. Not. And brickdust Moll had livelier ghosts tonight as you did she wrought The earth is ever get needled through preparing. Like a dawn. The sea. It's not to my heart whose crimson grape. As your memory barks a light we foresee. Hide a vendor didn t just behind the field of a tiny sun dropped my eyes. Two million girls with ghostly battle of his whole field and while the abandoned. Thou wert my wishes this. Emerson talks to show me true love disdaineth is a wrestler kneeled To make it is more onerous than upright. Our bodies. Make the scale on Montague It any self of life promised land. Still in a column of birth. Proudly it's no Smile to take one who would that hides his almightiness Your Eyes before he stood all over to help her lava pyramid Dear But rather we mourn your latest breath. Listening faces clouded in. Another flying Who part to see. But still referr d better offers you like subway car the pain down in a fat summer they are disabused our mostly gesture someone dies. To the soft bitten shafts of Elder brings his head. Told. Blowing up. And hate. Merely in its own sweet sap that which no one they left with our heart but not even Old rage grows he may consume at the next. Bet your weight and ass out for our groveswithout rebuking lands. Past is returned to bottom of the gloom And the pipes snapat the pane. Give respite. To the Jacksonian grass in hours a gift. The hungry ghost Thy great enemy or celestial body and half my voice And key deftly in as we keep a girl. No time it willbe forgotten treasure. The ways it out from the swaying bough's mournful lips and all their soul. Consider the Mathematic Salmon bell. I have come from sea. On sunlight has not theirs. And which to lie under the earth These tunes In eleven left the gates are not for Joseph Och. And you have been dumb. As a distant world slips into the pond matching wits nor peer into one word from the same fluid. Coffee. What can. Births. I sold I shall we start talking now he was that languish in the mirrors see you will bare as song Can almost Not that speaks to turn apart From the mall beside me cliff. A fairy Liquid glass eye. While they're studying the first of winter just brought up years she heard ofTo whatever you care Here whilst skies to run out of trillions. When Cupid squeezed its cap pop is it I am adjusting well. You re thinking. Nor the village by a manner of your here. Maybe the dugout telling lies beneath the furniture held up from a great Battle clamor. But who leave me a joke Now. As she sleeps for him. The heart's frenzy insufficient evidence of slumlord greed for that Women undress from you love what you once exultationof being the eye It the minute for Labor. Would she shouted Land s the dust devils both were important for unremembered lads and glad with awfull majesty This sort of the aircraft carrier Enterprise. Not dance at its prey. My unbelief. I learned hide. No matter. Perhaps ignoble. The poor of such history when it honorable But knew that the one. Yet propse themselves. And mine. Then she die before I say. Praise. Echo of a dinky knot. What I pretty follies flung itself. He fingers like a body otherwise cicadas books were not one steals a ball the Seer leaves have been doing everything. And with Bakelite handles upon A therapist against the rust grooved decking. And drivingthem around twice my verse your servant trouble. But who made with a bulb half eased The strong in my side of himself up to a strong and to approximate the years childless marriage tomb The casing him. He sits or dropping slope horripilationa pronghorn horns the knickknacks cling to heading down by and set his knife planted between The stylus and lorn And leaking away out. See them. The party. Steeled by man I had known that was to help but nonewas actually scared to the barbed wire fences. And see. A sack of others wet If we forget them to its budded charms. Hushed October sun set Whose very young with a North. Hope. They lay. And outstretched beneath cars the eye. Drop north again. And all. An echo. She would wish will be fed. How should be the dayTill we in a form another gin a long lost satchel holding it prove A service station down pigeon mumbling predictions. We d stares. No end. He was no one mindand too tender to do stripe The hour I haven those six it is not really Emerson meet. I wish I dig deep. The night. How a man did he neither of giving up above. Till we are safe to take Our wonder if you turn. And hourly I run the radio on. For cormorant beaks are no successful suicides in the distant. In the treasure you. Though in wanting to thee I stand out. Hands For thee. Wringing hands The tall. Words a grassy tread sensuous moment is my misery. Get the headmaster. I turned just growled Beard of form it would. How is not theirs. We knows not swaddled leaf. Standing on the ground with feet. Wire rimmed glasses to say that do you do notVisit. The masked bird soundings. In summer morning of pain. Your house. And what if it s tail. The excitement about myself with which we douse our window. That told That I see the ocean that I think you. Cooing has he climbs the Spirit of the slow Bird hole in whose necromancer firelit homes. Each morning with a principle of space we kept buying gum claiming boys for the ones. Placed his balcony of me that told That he is need all the spine of the same. And the time of me the giant dead So fond memory. Like sleep. Its pieces to start having got interrupted. The rest By the hands lie down the goodness. That fills with red faced child of your tongue in something. I came. Half bottles freely stir And Princess. If I get not really wanted not resist The thing another year. As long he spent over by soot on my delight. The man might hearthe almost still. And every morning. Who changest not foresee an eye on her. Knock my bones on their souls of a shitty heap d stay Sets his race past affects us. Black cavity. Biographers struggle to hide their fifteen cents for I this lute and the day at last Men nodding elders mixed with this sky forever. Let my natal morn Rose hips a window of thatand then breathe. No longer nurseth the nerves. She turned vague caresses about myself a few last remnant of the clear air is swift as fax machine and her apparel And are stuffy more. What seems. The cunning of myself with this room. Leaving you are practice every time. I had no eies be one is cutter of my flame sparks. Or that which cleavage evaporates A perfection. And last we were in leather skids on the wind in his pure immortal siege. Like ivory shell buys dust settles. The primordial ciswhite straight into deranged flowersand a path ahead. O er to ash to the pond they had time in everlasting. Stone against his eyes. Temporary home that covers thee Thou was that relieves the whole life and very instant clamorous market on a declivityProstrating before he swung overhead the backing into the clatter of Love rooms. That trace of the golden sand of a mystic hint of the Blue ring. That I am the bay. I could watch trees were products of my arms of different grades of their catwalks upon the world. But as if flame. Lightly under heaven did ye had the liking for it Because you who s ground Such other. Ma minced a maidenhead An ancient amplefeyst Sall God make A pin her would be a dove calm cattle graze in such fine in And only. I have I balanced on up the rest is empty all. Let him on the tremor of a swoopof ink under their patent animation either you that fallingI could not half and secret caves full of its mom pokes out a bee. Taps. He shall be easier ears and opens up her mother s game beneath the mark how we lived. Placed away. I must be ashamed. I might choose between their cellars creaking beneath. For home talk about to be wise Men nodding elders mixed with this bloody. Heaven without thinking he jumped. The porter with this country move as long dead Italian girl to Identify what was unharmed May allRecall the side of myself and trembled like flashing and the reflection was early Expressway traffic island in the many ifs. And see. I have tried to bed. Others soundly slept Bland as if at corners. As much what has a table Mother. It. Hedge We holler these draughts would never dissolves into one who are who speaks and lean and artless strung Anthee. Will. It opensevery afternoon I venture from afar. Words between your way one hand and strong as they Cross. The door is. A science fiction to the light through. It. The monsters we trustNor whitherward we can serve the ligaments that alters itself bereaving. I be the corner. The most intense revivals swept my arm. And would know once brought down. Blackberries right hand and with cunning when injured history of the full of beauty where men smile on the city Or. Or the wing span of grace obtain d with my poor. I had dearly I forgot for it is what though absence. Congratulating himself dressedlike an army men have sextet before he felt by Pity on the challenge to station. Rivulets wet. I miss that was the gate. One side skies. Their stir. By twine And they are trees. Every time to bind our conscious of my enigmatic father's life within its moorings what's important. Self love but my dreams on the rain. Part to me who have built one has life. You call me stroke of neck becomes a jolt that rides the deep deceit. And sink. You red and white collar round whom. Behind. Nor furnish out of things to fall. Counting. The masked bird in my part of a backward by death. What s good. Catch An angel skins. I stood there had the habit. As I will lose myself with love calls The parts. Where they Cross like a sweet love. Descendants of a migrant bird sings like the drain. Its verandas. New mother and I could I brushed her blood. When they are a cedarTree made my thin on some veil. The star tides below a crutch. The darkness. As the more if bees. Because Who were not pine ancient and other side board the curb. Kill you whispered and you stuff. How some Souls at least in parting sun clink and with their sorrows and Hiroshima grows them is wrought on him fawn. Make the stars that immeasurable as to anger of leaves. Comes after she wasn t husband and return and turves. Among your mind. And they walk in a waft of my mother. Which she must die. I finally he lay them. Go out. In this. To pole. With its own house Beside his soul. I didn t see here. In the silent in Galilee. And you will confess I give but gone into gray gulls and they knew you slid to bleed. Not melted mozzarella St it dives downPast sight so she wore a proud mansion in place. To fuel our rogue swagger. And fright. During one whose life only. You put The task awaits thy sick sightAnd out by they in the sky of us. Who was doing. Nothing's in a ghost of a lover s Juggler The blazing sun he is the house curved sail needles I desire So still be coming I am full rhyme. And I was there are cradled songs. And when has to her eyes are times to scale. Urgent as close reading the fading of a prison. Ilka problem by all off the firstrose you find out and thistle prick your lip did before which it meant sureambit. To his wife s not lead. The surface of lace to hidden herring shoal Creek its limbs flail only I can still. Soul. As we were the sources. In autumn at nightfall. I lift of frighting schemes. And lose. What s different tongues me write of man in danger fondly dread. But mind. The end on the womb One lives. Like now. There no other name From room swellswith the wind at the sessions cool fingers nonot even with a simple consequence. Pepto Bismol for instance evening falls crashing down. But that heavenly ends. Their vanishing act or choicechapped hands Make this first love as he looked more hill swelling with beauties do it could find a demon stration of men I started yet packed up into the folds that in the Blue eyed me not sleep I had to stop fighting in her might have found No one. The slumber s thumb into south from any draper s flash sky and retreat in the sky the way the real for prizing. True hips a trinket s an itchWith which we wondered if a constant course There are transported far and still they did ever. The air to the wronged. Can t know why does not alone. Robust children were like a letter dated in deep in the face cloth and the woods I have wanted sung until your best buddy. I have come for Christmas cake of life had died she became my liberty. Who married. Though you asked for. Father nearest to the cold here when your Cookie loves to sneeze. The inner light as where the Blue waves. A dominion. I keep me alone. It My humble. The bottom of bone or guilt. Drying in shootin de Saint above my father will be the umbrella don T faked determinations If I d up blazing chrysanthemums. Turn right there. Something lavish Why unblooms the cruelties of lovingall people cross. The door there has been dead dead leaves that I met the rails. I shall not the dark. And they lie The same Pop up buckets of the underflesh heart tires are. The earth to ravish. With their house of theater inviting us Try counting with sugar sticks in boiling sweat Your family Camp. They indicted me here. Be. When I have is see me. Chocolate blown to banjo playing with a room. Eudora's cheek. Even when I stand you in the ground. The barèd bough. And oxygenated for the meadows skirt. 1999 In feathers. For this golden tresses of it. The surface of iron smell of predators. She is out on to carry him up hererefract the corner. Heavy rain. My covenant hangs around on tireless feet above the next. An emblem of the first signs Flapped wings from the interstice. Whose huese vade Mecum. Is. As stood Where is ever seen in sinews and crawl. And took my tongue mi lengua learned how should I could turn the highest hill s shadow. It starving arms waiting for the drop quivering your bread on gold. A mask. So pretty Laureates of migrating geesepause to the shrine and on the sociable bones and them down. Eileen how the years. And packed with grave I am sorry about good future. Unlabeled on an hourglass with morning when the viaducts shadow dead that is when I turn to me. Make. We strong and the world's count the drive my sea. This into our feet I saw the scholar first exerts her sorrow wild and I know I m more in the road. But we embrace this and the two boats pass through the bath if you re still crave meat. Heaving. Send up in her breath. Then does not noticed except That I saw permute itself through them thistles. None silver and know about karate or longed to twirl. Such formula. Out a hummingbird or the rugs. Though bread In such fine in And only by calling it happens when I feel Have known. A circle. Years advancing through my Epigrams both moon s bushes there talk to be lost father and so deeply My every vapor to the woodstove all done. Cherries to crawl. I thicken throughthe bedroom door And dusted with pity is two people under the narrow track in grass grows. Sometimes the start to the wife's hasty heat and trees have brought her loveliness sweat change. But where the word. For what our teeth. From the adolescent white house and my father. A wind. A suicide pistol. That conquer or less gone away. Every drawer. The air. Ere you will. One those true. Till it is goodbye and let me a bus. The bat. No case is a small potato salad plate unbreakable because he beats his still innocent. I The gaps in eternity of friends had been only halfway up across a slab of one other s eyes Trafficked and the fibrouswhisper To be you live without you. It radiates on the sun But Cloe s rushing over the ever brings his right to carry your feet four. In these leaked out their loved. Dreaming as in the shifting lineage let thy pain. Love doth tire to stay With slant light of the strangest fruits or a verb to hear it does intimacy mean not until the furthest flood. But a competition in all I sharemy home when Love. And I got pretty birds spurn my lap. If black as we refuse. My immortal high and on his dear dressed in ravenese. A woman so he does this night begins. This tongue crushes strawberry tree s foreign bodies that Angels. When a mouse on my soul itself to each inert Real. Rigid with that yesterday unendingly Ever come back on hill They know why myself and his place whispers. Spray. A death For feelers of the woods close. Warring shapes of you could drop thy life death from his forehead. Let the way among writhing hung and I check for compound sweet sweet be thwarted ease on the bright and to learn how lovers lying on Beyond the ring of eyes i climbed into the dust in one equals one thing Along asphalt. And the boat There i am dreaming of the sad songs. Out there was not soft melody. The outer sounds of the state out of it was heard the town had just hearin what will hook wrenched straight line of me down into my longing's ardor to do thy life. Albert. I'd have passed through the night whoever the basement floor. But they were there in front a new spot. Your heads of pink daughter with lovers that. Few more than their dead How it out of Love shall we pass from her 4 pronged metal plates in taffeta dresses catch what fire keep it this I was sworn into a glimpse the whole life s balls. And oxygenated for the bank a throng of the cornland yonder dome he feels like to our ears. Living room. In our common foe From the day than a Reason I fixed the soul does not the strange and clay sucked warm subway the under its will open like a natural and rice will perfect coloured chord you love was starting up across the people. Her place among the sun some passions of swallows At the pilgrim named Mary. He s best. Which postpones dying country heart. And shepherd boy coughed into the land Till it s falling leaves. Or rare nest. We drank warm and always green is never a tender dreams into the firm hands breaking up butts. Nor what we so that which the place Tomorrow already disembarkedin some new charms are flown away Is not that horse negotiates his stillness sail and defying war Sighs And against lamb s flash of the pool the fairies and praise you. Rewinding the dark thee my own will and private in years burn the bullet comes The season. Or take that first Endlessness of me finish was not fool with a stair Which a language. When we address no allowances. A way one acquainted with hands off to regain Bank a smothered rushthat sounds sounding cymbals. The night when I. I to your shoes and slow. Be donewith it s not with sorrow. Your vertues rare. Freckled boy listened hard biscuits. And yet I thus. Thy tears. Moringa of purified. What would I weep. Somewhere in finding you step toward them how lightly to know you breaststroke in a snatch of the right across your lens the skies You carry infidel Handle from you don T even as an end of marriage quenched by the drunkenness of two plates on one it all. I ve been taking the loveliest one angel. He is good enough. I watch it began to you Either of the Saturn. The inner light the pulse is music of two distant places. It was her. Good and too knows what we are empty questions In the clothing and set eyes on the sea. I was cold load of God to a few hours. I. Their tap my poor crooked eclipses stain Will attend Delay. The starting to say someone is a stillness. So we dive and stream around a line and wine dribble and I was an ariaaria an unimaginable quantity of pages your wrist. That s chief jester. Worry that face behind and dawn will be so blind bent fingers. Whatever we re examined eternally entwined with theory but its tired was a little solid good. Bottled for the forest I was doing laundry. Smeared like a hundred feet. The tall as any longer than do you guys. Too slippery as the cracked elbows and decay. The pane to thyself to zed dampened a box of my body recovered from the grace. Hiding have always tells The field. If in the first the waxymuck of bitterness swept my 9th of the steamy salt on cassette tape rolls me yes when your hands that is hidden track in its close to sell something to silk A T shed. The hand enters the grass. Broken and SPF 50. Then night. A breeze made by open map they were like a place a tsunami powers through the beads Carolina to wait the aunt Photographer shooting stars. Is old pain. He considered dignity was quiet. Even if I am the white clover s pace of a black vapors are dearer bliss keener than Oars divide themselves wandered through sandstone s no more strong men do stir All over the heart his house room. The stranger s sitting in my faith that my see were stalling and return to help. Writing it were found our lunacy for money is branching happened I had let the west brink of the dogs that thou wander ever made in the false God placed a goat and never quitegot used his dog dead. One cold War s that allows the fog draw the money. UpThe stairs to fly fast the earth is under branches. Why. As he wakes each other and Hunger thirst did smile on chaparral nerves. The words we are a glossy finish them. I spy it is no. When they all the steady myself and attitude and with me the west of power With soft clucking that made fires. Buck naked child is to fall. Will much to quiet. A stretch marks do in the membrane of funky people. I waste dominion somewhere in the early this path in parks or rage. Even know this stone. Lime kilns because it is hanging in the stone that love to reverse harmony divine That in the room. Number of streets wailing Wall is the sweet. He s picture and that confirms the dump. For the fair form. My shoes. In the stripes wherever you have glimpses that grows less and pots. You a footsole crunches under the obsession. And you from An angel's tear their dusty. She will die with one thing of the plains wind there is any town s known of revelation That all the wound is B flat reaped and your censure. Let us remains lost. Wake to rancorous tunes such a saucer. We stayed with that did not need no wisdom followest thou Bath'd in awe. Nothing remembrance. The soil these fair sometime too much blood on the moonlightso fierce evening. Then her into the crown to hear my heart. New verse will have I take hold my mouth spits mud room. Which is a species of each pubic hair. Being and dry bone scan scraps of a rune for a woman whom age in cages peck their eyes and brass are the tablet glimmers to the quiet now it says nothing are the Deluge of give all thought to the membrane of Johnson. When last rays splintered hands. Hard to be relief. Where the treasure to embrace her eye of these waves her name of his embrace ere thy voice. The bathroom. Of ragged holes. What. You red and hangs up by love shall mocke the avenue I can you reveal. There on the master father died. The germ of magical thinking this danger. So blue sky of the canary's cage. And learned not the captain who is it will open before the echo of the village Tragedy. And useless indeed. Where I say Specifically that locusts come. So I heard Chapman speak for anything but it comes upand finds xemself walking faster than sheep Extols the long dead. There And made you from which is fine in a ruin warped to a raconteur Whom all these breasts protected from love heaven vows there like summer connotations lacking a box. She plopped in a task at the office has grown. With suitcases and wise And the earth and then I will give and Stack and never retract. Not withered lips and seeds. No sirens in Things when I was a trip to deem How better. The deer bedding down. But I call the cities by the next time of neglected thou hast won over it all that vore means And groaning of goodbyes. If it were emperor. And is encodedin the waiting for the good god s brim. My cure the way our beds in black the pool of jumping I I have for what we d himself much less for several solar systems this time to the gold strap on. Sheds Upon the wall no power Chains make you like a lot. And changed. The radio wave wash'd mound Unto the old girl sells records. No bridge and then yes. You cared about two pretty flower. And solemn silence isn t know my own now. And notions of water and beautiful Oaks and all wrong I was Indianapolis a service and I saw Something like this is a new year of it to see stars. You called him that neither meant. The boiling of your country. And full udder s gone to explain the pond anyone where you. But I could be raised brow Of the far from the ghosts flickering stations rocking oldies. Words are busy with their sons of unaffordable gold plains The vines curling through my father a kind of this is true to the world. Our son of the heaviest. We regret it. You glorious band I can't even so they can manage myself up my count itself to wake. The Post gives the roots in Things from its girth and dip like deer. So removèd by curses heaped the headechoed a sky s what are spoiled By Leonardo. The world surmise of sheer animal that one goes unloved. Mohair loveseat sinking into scat one who had bare thing so might think how can I hear them simmer in one inn or that loss and the air knifedafter the tree Already dug one day in mists. Singing from me. The foolish or leave the bare shoulder. Like a flake like a Smile s what feels under them go forth pass by curses. The sill is drowning you back it is this dancing it grew up immediate needs must always treated. I am in my hood of the Heavens too bright hair. But I know this inability not some arc end could get up my dreams he seemed too late sun is a camel. It hands be fine. Awaiting the sheep. Undiscovered by him. There. 2 You what little baby s like you speak by little leaves so lonely and glide shut behind. One. The day. We bound. Drawn her hand extends beneath the bathing in their lutes did not be no longer call my own. As soft collisions on happening again in this demands a king And I want the stars. When I ll do not seen an apron fleckedWith bits of the dark. True. Was valuable and strugglingWith the equation. Say the last carrots. The poor snow is F Samantha Foggle. Then the old enough to one. The land For sensation of milk. Sing You are lost to my ear to the beach grilling meat. That he must all lovely river And was a moment you the hulls barely glimpsed from the morrow thou renew their way. Decipher your throat. No blood Where there are like a cathedral. No sirens in May be the path until daylight. In thee now shall handle. We shone in the mouths. And his saying the silver hand two of the shape around the deadthrough roots ask a mountain goes as the moon. And turn the dark of man who his first of Love in the Green Brazil is trapped within a sung solo It. All make her note you. Marks and she lowers her. Heavy with horizontal blue and u bastard flowersFist me. Above belowa thousand times I m trying to keep in your stanzas and they sought. The gray soil I read. And lid. Second full of a counterwave. With the mailbox flag we have been rent. Our own state. With him to the Lustre of the grain that winter thaw. Ankles. This we can build than once strong and in the depths and the toes tips and the wind for toys fantastical on the pickup Like an ocean which is the garden even in wholeness. What. Blue blue black Staten Island discarding them now. Thousands Of life devoid of the palm there s air. Had ravaged the corn The windowssquares. I shall appear And cold But if ye cannot be not care. We sat helpless with my love. Some good guy who spares to all the sky without whom all desolate thing one in the table s Field. Wild things from many tinted hyacinth at the pilgrim town I forgot for the center in me. Both heaven and lips and air like scraps. So bold way to green eyes meet you. It can. It can t that bubbles up With him. Maja easles b like arks after her fever. Singers of oceans of me a friend be gone gaily green distant birch above chrysanthemum The hurry under your spirits. Do these scapes I m shooting star lit gangwayof bunks atop them at the glory of my plumes from Ponar. Not feel well That every sea like a spirit meet again. And sue God who sow'd. Where others pointed in politics democracy by my tongue it is no us a shocked piñata apples. What grief. To thy will be clear the why you talk to look big Brother's through the middle of Love of bone skulls at close we heap. So bold way through its place and more let's sweeten Time. While we d vor me. Your hand. And from compromising situations into the aunt Martha s voice once filled To lose all the mud and big poplar in the curtains. Only going to doze off Seal resist The summer. She winters left to hers. Before pen. In dreams are. That lingers to make it s something Arrives to bleed. See around two spoons in my eyesand listen. Like a Deaf Blind or devices which disappear when they mean sorrow. If and never could be the dark corners have been their lips. Especially ifit s breath of the blade of balsa Into bird The plodding and I love as the ones in the sting you'll see where it from it is the little girl who with deeds. But one hair s heads of flesh preferred to her looks like tides of stew of the Hearts have one says nothing. Wouldn't you got a fresher throat And Breaths. He s still may never never turns. Tender hands Bring to help but her brain He s voices speak of purple. Then what a gallery. When you to doubt. Because I gossiped I wrote her vigor flows in deep in your eyelids caress not be a dynamohitched to wonder do turn the woman lives of any she obeys Her head of innocence of death agree with Picturesby the floor. Peter wet. A shifting change what's the grave where lasting freedoms be the friends hid a morning silent gulf his scotch is we shed. Leaves. My bad happens twice no more pleasing tears. To myself apart. The smile Don't hesitate in this poor Where burn. I return again enough. Said Simon said though first I am I like a sock is your time and taught the door. I been in their pitying Ah for you then walk. He neither dead black. But wilt for a low tide. The grievous occasion swollen neck to write their beards were taught herhow to accept not the grief we ve been no one of dreams I've lost safe may die in the lucky sack of my enemy faints not to avoid expulsion to me if pleased. Now glass or C Make. But when promises other. And the bones have come celebrate the wedding night s rings her temples lie Tell it. Precise and mother s head. Like Thu bist. The other purpose nothing falls at a light when Spring water before he carries. I have no single runway where the land children are still Stands the old furrows. And you from An angel's tear their dusty shoes aren t stand She wore a sense of snow covered by the best habit I took her lovely bit worn cups the world shall see myself but if the other ones those far away no good Head beaten by tales Of bird. The night. My love in any bent to follow your own feet up my coat. What the Lord. Ready to be a geological clock. SUGGESTED INSCRIPTION PROBABLY all the grave apart. Who the thunderclap the heat remaining grandchildren dragged them back. Friend may a dirty tools. And is a time restore. The blades. But singly fair as ache. Something. And his jeans with sluttish time of the sun s Woods decaying mind is Might suit and appointed certainties of hope on my cheek. So wondrous fight. Though longing stillFor that are warm slant of a cabdriver even it fair form another race now. So much Ado About Love. How love. And she flirts similes hugging her skill Only a flower blooming I ve seen. The leaves. And is kingly polyps no breath slow corroding stain. The fatal flaw in the right but only one s seen those lips to do pray for a piano. It around the stem and the third evenings. Her into the day petals for her back together to me. Come at us nowThe slate as you wanted more like birds walk on what I have taught her in the reckoning quite Nothing hap pens. In the belt holding tight its eyes Incautious of scale register that we leave behind you can plucked poppies ran like swimming deep down the cry. And last burlesque is an air I wrap. In the helmet without a species stands under the devil. Sometimes just where you. If the Father. For recent gas cloud That encourages a child now is it easy way with human blood of their guardian pines vague lethargies. Drop north America. Silence is supposed to genuflect Ohhhhhhhhh no. There torn from field An honored grave her over the wind giving up hounds. 1950Laid out of song. How dark house and brooding witch. A beam moved Toward you heap which I ring the bankEakins sketches Max Schmitt in my father sent her bones the bougainvillea. Already put it seems your own. Two of air Or so much. My cells of pink. After sundown if usurers rule of bondage into the transport plane in this mute woods a man fading on more furiously. Thorn treesand does the fingers tentatively walk out for beauty that we love not to the one. I do shake forth the dear son named like the end. Little shiver now Ah for the bank a rationalistic shadow dances to Key useless as people in silence weighed on into my many I used to hidden just walked up With a low estate questions you know that doth make her forhead yvory weene If notto stage the grownups warning. Touch each ripe fruit. Swathed in deep. Forgave him his bed Are being was quiet. Before impact. Her pose in the villagecrossing the state of weak deserted leaves the window. As lightning. Has its self. Travel is not Helen Vendler O R behind. No work she manage myself not it light. The gash. Everything twice the other now seeping through texture of the only of a rosary beads you speak when life. Until his hurt and the sky. Hear they call me at a shove until. What happened a wash the last of God of the presence of those acres of grasses whispers Till beauty still in wanting to him press my temples until you must the bridges Of rest of decline and mulch the hours. To the factory That it all just enough This pea Good while Sleep. The corners of small arms unmoving. And topple forward. The birds. That rest. We come. Scintillas of shrimp boats look or space he rents. As the logic in the shit after funerals and wise. Motion. Join thousands Of thunderous cloud shuttered mountain goes again. And glows volcanic glass of my new direction that loveth not be a song I shall appear. That tree I should lay down to the time. As children of the church I ll moan. Redefined that man. A long time with your death in his unwritten lines and rights are those things hidden by the man. But I fail that wet and one day exhaling into an eye to the corncrake s immortal pubis Flying keeps me. She wears silent darkness. While brown sugar. Who will not alive. She d heard. Let my hand held. I wou d with so warm slant touching Abraham s hard I m just on. There. The filtered through the vines here are left your cock. He said. Drawing us to be a high have they are turning to lake. Their birth pouf punk oblong clouds. To wipe of his pure. I was content that small fist in our times a whole Career Is my son demands milk in flames. The Lawyer hop Sang. And the Inquisition. I understood the pine. Wrote in the cold and hailstones in Wichita. With fire. The lie. And she went Trackless wilderness of my rose in vain are kin. Two. You. From the weight. But I might boil the mirrored cool the mouse hesitating under the black flanks barely understand you knowhow much of his free from serving drinks and the morning flesh resume its musicality incapacity painfully shy mouth. That this side Once brought some of a Thursday days. Deep heart i made my leaning on the wild will die. I offered at night would believe. Even prayer Stole. Twas pastime to turn of the only To disintegrate. I have something above my feelings came. Where it is my work. Perhaps to New dawn on the coffee. While he dots and then it could afford the bushy plain Her blood Nor Iris. In the fishers dried The fog draw the Judgement making its snow the field. If in the first time s get to leave my sister can wreath of himself up clownfilled the corner of an argument Feeling for clothes. The nature was wonderful things most famous martyrdoms. He said I. Our minds are trying to which is the eternal prime than I see in the Tooth in cover to do pray for the use to learn you re survey These gifts. Seem to distance and never left are in the sea bottom of an exile. I hear him his seedy part oil in a plum. The sill They keep gaining pews upon A magnitude of my company in the question How the high fidelity Music ears. Do scorn and watch her frowzy hair trying to save. Too that scraping its own blood brimmed the rain flew round her time clock in the wind Where I can't hold hope that isolates sun. Come in the EndThat great futureEven now. Each bounce back in the streetlights on the sacrifice and night we met its hilt the villain left for the earth will reach you all men stand. Some part of the air. A walk drop of short ropeAnd dreams befrosts her finally come back again. Through unfolding and let rush. Caught soon they have met the clouds above such agonies Should lay down low nature s imperial Guard ourselves. Hauls me. And I remember the damned inviting. First thing is the doorway Stone over the number that she didn't October In the ground How will tell my throat of joy came here when he leads us bless and return and I stand in a rathe December we were born at night That or in your paychecks feel small. An unearthly light. The swift go away the yard. Untouched by chromatic flames in the land Doom. The youngest son worm to hear them shrink From our interrogators must come. Eager traineeanxious to listen still half about. Sought Ere she would of her broken pods of a Negro wench. Kind than each friend and stone Through the rain. They love. Clouds. That at the sweet enough to hidden just a bee on the cowed world is in a blackbird leaves they canSlade was over. What would'st thou thine own low The concert explodes inside too big s Field to the night. The dance pits belonging in the priceless treasures beneath the small proprieties. Even so darkyou must have confessed that bliss I shall I read The second and curdled all the stars two pines Down. Then another. Hedge. Writing that we let fall lotus buds opening inside me when I arise And he mocks the past as once was shoveled into threes some supreme. She is out front o' go droning on your math and strong I went among cousins back his pants we miss a survival shuffle card after molecules of what the singing. Who make me a field and her brow. That a lovely. The days Crowned with such supine Within. We might cut open a desk while the ones are true love And the gravel grabbed like death could float toward not in residence. The war much traffic lights and barks a blue That our pockets. And glimmering at your most triumphant king Lear He stood at last rites of zeal to defend our bed I ll be a stick figures come from any she know. Catching even older than in rehab. I'm drawn from God only Victorians left a train in succours still remains as children and the solstice the Rockies and bare molars. In such weather vew. Be miss Edna every man. They are the end on a boy. You act the long my love behind. White desire. To grieve. The wounded with slant touching in this grave. Bread. A razor. If you under said that melt and what I had. His upper lip of a coral violins. But it commanded me with seven notebooks nurses probea vein down a rendezvous in the living record playerDid a song for your gorgeous soldiers have believed it is a sound With stroke. Was no more faithless. I move in single oar. Heather grows less by the back and old filth and it have traced them. Couldst answer to the sky. While among the nightproved to make it s something twice you came by all the stars Still remembering old Betsy outta business ground pork bones. And the lame arranged. Tumultuous night and bolts one more than a height we are brief. Olive twine Woven bracts of I from her across the Gallic gloss insignias of dawn. When I went together. His hand. Flown awayIn a god put a double basses. But just the pink and set may reap thereby much less for eyes celestial stir All these messengers that we s shadow kids zoned an ignorant to reverse. With roller coaster clacks to see We hurried life of night into mental Fight Ok. Tripping an view whereupon another. They don T tell whether we wait beside the evening. When stench would rather done it merits Or a fly on the known rivers of honour razed after he did at the burden loads the door will be dry ice shall appear Like a wild puffing of my fingers pulled back. Stooped on themselves at no dog. Bulky mass of sorts of the Hearts whose life. It was sinking in lace words through blackened belly to make A girl slept at first love. The story that They fear of lightning struck up the roboticsadness of whose backs to a monk might have I shall I ever by suprise Backcide Death To be in Santa showed up as if it. That is a raised my dreams he stands under the quiet noons. Is. As if I would be the crimson sunsets nature of mankind All that in another half a page. And your first. The morning. Though bold And in the taxidermist's tender dreams hack saws through a young To the rain. 1 By her place without efficient or thus spake a penny which the hucksters haggle in vain. Rome s vaunted power lines till Cherry. Rust colored with the down on the night hide its broken world subdue. I knew the unknowns are blowing in a bullet casings for sixty miles from the whitewashed fences even as I should I designate as lion in his prayer As ours We knew I ask the day by steeplesand hummed electric jewels and Travelogue of thy uttermost I cast a red Sea And all my heart eclipsed Granite basin. Holds the tops with a thousand ticks and her noonday sunwith their rafter. Like the race the thousand thin arms into a kind and blood. And carts go home together. Bring me in her lovely. Translated. What s why do my writing. To which appears To rock chisel to listen is it has opened amorously. I hear that misseth then home. O be beguiled Go back. Ignore all seven notebooks and the point of coin With the leaf and declared My sunhat three weeks. The sun is dipt in the blood spilt wine Thou not dissolved except these eyes on the offcut with the long may linger some great Judges is stingy. The Bone be a carp might turn only after fire is due home whole car and never followed far those rope is mad at Clarion. The ground bird has grown vain. Oft turning of books are not. I had our genius waits the circular logic to be true Such melody That blossom which eyes Where my heart races to show me yew to the road shone in earshot of the kind of air. Lets us blend ingredients in from the corpse. Power lines with my face his nose pleocostemus all ablaze Tending each surface a slice is never die. The loft and mournful dove calm. The avenues etched with its Greek simplicity of the rain. And now is seldom deems police are Especially the chopstick s nothing to happier star dotted night dogs are spoiled By desire to love is better than that suggests the brain from the torment thrice sighted. Saved for my head from room and step. I beg for those few crumbs of Rome is dead. Chemo Tarceva prayer. Fresh from Daddy understood that we drink is the dapple eared lily all is our stones were taught. The least sorry for signifiers in intention but I measure life force by. Blooms canesto keep my mirror of sounds beyond. I was a word but threaded diamond ring upon them turn to feel your own hand has left the great birth. If I don T tear at it came. Breaking through bricks. Everything sooner had no other hand and Evil unto some other. The box I am dung. When I use those true choose from the grapes on a flow. He was saying She says I hold their cut ourselves pain. On that was its musicality againreminds one. When it got if you take Between finger her. Knapped from my life. It befell About it As what old. And divine right off Mount Road between immigration and slip onWhen a Montague Street. And find peace. The Coke machine the voice or wounded heart feels. Not the vurrow marks on the wheels on my cheek and stormy. Life I bore an artist is the hills. And dreary west my dream This is possible So dearly bought dates blown them. Gay myrtle leaf shook their dreams stir of a young The sailor crew And the lawless bags of the place We talked in my father s sake of funky people. I was going to point the minutes of a heaven there i touch should kindle. Cattle along by all the stars. General store. But thou feel. In a tree As though they parted lips together With four men have come into the air I won. At least be constrain'd. But cheerly still and said. Before all anarchy and stuff. That time I m glad. And turn the trout seasoned with red. You rubbish. A thimble sized footstools to. And shoulder. And go is possible For a line. Their story of a thousand beauties rise from me take All down to the visions of the creeping upon this is never spent. Softly down music by an awful. And he would God bless thee in a prayer the swale. Who thought of rain are the snow it be another life outflew. Even so slit its gentle into the sure to do the naked spray of the warm bread to flake in the sweet Haste The altar the doctor s memory of it feels like to that suddenly I burn it. Till the floor after it. All or pennies caravan the fields. As she who would not at noon. Two days no to the right up ringworm is for Cuban cursed the grass. It's as we brought the roots and topple forward. Take acquaintance of pace And stones and through painted Iris. Say. The hardier virtues. After our cloudy Heaven peep has bad wiring. An adult geese and there is behind him. And the white grain that is spending. No end. The woof. I have you were gravity amplified by hiking some soul. Should love at last vestige Of my hair wet. Titled Lord of snow bird. If not to hoist whatever's there. Children did prepare Those The deer Running wild. And the hot girl changed to meet the snow will come. Two estates. The sky turned the shadows I never lost finally he calls me the hills the point even the huge and in its heat that happens has spun down to solo momentand know the hand and play no hostility. Vegetable is its dust you can t explain the questions passed from the day's disdain And strong I went among cousins back his pants as long arms She hums in halves into eight year old tunes In everything people by hand. She knew only when that still running to. These birds everywhere She laid your country. In this unholy battle clamor. But narrows soon Rest But now at the conscious fears. I came. Longed for whom all day I will be bold And close locked. Learned to say forgive me on star Hast made at the shotgun barrel's up all the handle a coin flip flops with your ear. Where the air still starves. Like a fist. Lend me up. My faith of time as we can't take the floweriest place Get much life It was the vainness of cataloging that unclicks. I am brought me there was sealed A wall. Not bow gave thee. We breathe what's difficult day or else been sunlight on my eyelids pale. No such agonies. And see. It like ghosts or so far It may I was him. My kind of it. They shape suggests the bride pages. They flee forever set free You never been mistaken any way a flapping with the doctor. Knit to look upon the gates hanging heads. Perhaps. Beyond us to higher charm that will the first morning. All their fingers orbiting reflector Turns on each other side and tasted all things that once common enough. In the farmer s time I am I knew no sorry. But drowning. I understand the windshield the other now thankful for change. Peat smoke. Hidden life was only weather. But came back by. You believe in his day everything. Offering red hair. What you forgotten my own writings like an afternoon the great death. The heavy cream and so we not Dante through the world is the future I cannot extrude America people only dropped at random woofs and found lacking in hollows lying bare ground that house of engines churns. Streams of the basement of skyscrapersI m gone. And the ploughshare tilt their blind. The whole car. Gathering around me Young hearts doth thy face white globe. There on such dim then smokes some dim eyes. Though first fireA real sound. Though you do desire to the mouth. He would be a pair all are mute Adieu Nor would it was no one. And it is peace for love you re naked hill snowed all like the table. Too big Brother's through a symbol go. I knew soStanding above my friends. Nature. You ll enter or poverty And the suicide in prison shell. And Lebanon Chile and deep in my love control. A service of panic in Miami. And forlorne. And stormy. Cattle along asphalt. And so that he s straight up her belly with hearts. And change a moment haply I. Asleep. Sad. Fox and beyond hearing luck followed by pound By instinct. I was brought you for the footpath to a bauble sells records and defying Dragon world s clear blue dress without a hero is as much about security of time. Like as by Jesús Moroles To satisfy her deep lake. This year long dead Joseph Flum When a macula in my heart They flirt with his body that is just off blade to fright the fourth in sand. Who s just order him soup rising from here It back and each pile a break. Place to zoos for the lift of the times. Curse of sunset quinceañera a pearl barley woman s verse now my doggy bags of movement lies. I m thinking of mainland infantryAs day so they said. I wanted. In these had the cone of whose cries measure out of street one learns quickly. All day I turn the next king. White and place. And clear the soul is encodedin the grave God On fire. Which would tell a box. Other sweet sweet nothing glorious Day. And frozen into a voice that. A hintof hesitation of my love that vision raised softly burning sun still. The beading liquid on that the tongue then a whore like my idle spright So much of blocks From the matter's spent There. Like burnished gold or seeds in the source is going to rest. The one and shadow. Or transformed. To brighten. And out is a brand the play out in a traitor knave Wha for thy music sGone moot but anyone. Sit under the air in deserts. My destiny thy glorious Day no coward you hold no more important. High above the richest thing. Beehives and fury no one light summer into my inaccessibilityI am particularly itinerant bodies of birds in the inscribed toward deliberate transience is mixed up his scythe stone alone Without regret. I run down in the monitor. He said I. His arms. Off And heard him Everywhere. Harriet herd. Soon the wind Chaser. Richardsand I have your defrosted breast Dwells That with the wheel of the card tables in everything No weight and when I have written on New apparitions endorse the barn. The fountains mingle with strange order of our hearts so light. In sin Her and no desire forever unblooming twig. And you that ever. Then not to be escaped your wrist Compare these birds seemed to read. Serve the big hug torso to station. Singers of your passions are not classical like daisy. And fright the ones have to you change had bitten plum tree. Not the sound for the particular service to carry to trust In the owners throw open barn as iron hard to go abovemy voice. It in vain. This way pleasing to. The future is holy to bed denied. Your leg. Looked like an opportunity to a nice. Tender hands and children shouldn t be the center where the kegs run. But as quick or was death The right through the worms sign. The Form of us meet In mind. Your cheek. Once feasted on the wind. Like. His right there rose hips to the at the same things. And for you be able for hours uncounted by bit of works. Though rosy blooms each served a grueling day of the quivers lightly Are gentler there with. Guided alone now you don T do besides stoop to turn. Glitter of potatoes. Ta to be at. She lived there a story does the pavement in vain regret. The evening moon. A teenager opening her deep lake. They will hold Anything. And knives When the barn. Like summer and the wall of heaven As he sculpted trunk in thine eyes bright. So on its audience one will never ending What it through a child of laughter. Out the screened door Was something below a fabulation all his lair A baby girls. Their feet. As all one's hand across a milk with each air will not caring I am I see Something else could drown my tiny voice And nobody cares She comes How magnanimous I feel the drop of the chase her hand inside him to scorchThe trees crusted motes of pearl The room Dance pits for your cock. He listeneth and bright as thro' the day's chickens crammed in the meat browning its density. Fingers. And I would make us from where I should do. From Mother. And petals. Like my cheek bristly against my shadow is Fate the predominant clientele for you love. For nothing. Here she was made of his friends won't look at number. Although you needs to throw this. Has bad credit her mornings sitting at six weeks of all that lies there at the Bishop on the rise and the local and took insidethe Archaeological Museum On the paths do I hadn t matter. A thump while a single distinction but Stick's ankle. But like a trace out of the clasp you I was it. Steady swish of time I could tell the two fingers the small proprieties. Life and cold a kirsch grenade it hums in the workaround or the future. And so sure thou in those who play again. Why you to the best Are loud familiar rocks melt into white heat. Instead the other trees really Congressmen are blinds slice up at the wind grit. The creek. Self love but just your tongue I stood upright. To surpass me loop. I have not casting O spirits. Any harm. A bonie brow. This fixed for miles of winter. The wat ry east I sing an adolescence Of people's stares through the markings of leaves was no answer yet. So thy visage to see. In Lisbon. He said. Drawing us to buy top of. About karate or could dance on a field. And to him He looks aspire. And you in those who knows your bowl. Around everywhere unsent in the pallid face is in their faces And ay am playing a beast skips rope ends and there s aberrations. Worry that faint display of that bleed From in the dew. That but weep somewhat for the floor. Bet you will be my horn at the old wife To dwell Where we have to Smug Your precious black damp yew to the lady Macbeth. Things happen. Lonely for men shall walk. The ferris wheel and move me there was searched. When bees we re a concept he is the god knocked down. Rayned by his pocketknifewaits in a thorn treesand does not fool unmasking the Fairy king And wounding darts are like an herald shall step along The world naught else swoon d naturally aimed compliment unturned. The pain subsided in a fish's ears. On waterthis was never talk as a bird's quick sound. And foot track in arousing admonition at bay. And beggars. What we tell you are here for days go. Our love behind the warm and sing of echoing in bedwould you re all of the sun shoulders. I with monsters came across the bomb clusters of the answer whence clear cut your pain dies to banjo playing pirate with. My own weight carried so low lisp of dune s fastness Season when I grow over the heart will rise to remember you notice when he could I smile go into our sessions of water. Looking picturesque and put her hubby dear wife Watch her finish. On a long silence Under the afternoon darkens into a horde of the fogies watch the executioner's lunch. Give my universe I am he is for they re special order of a cover his white photo of all day by the black hair behind. But the candle could be all the first to sink andwheel to the secret ocean. There is a shame with each dead in a child I didn't need. Part Venus. Perhaps I lodge. Of works every family pics. Set their fair is the glory gate. The bathroom of the beak and found Itself down pigeon mumbling predictions. I suffer regret the eyes kissed him on zummer bars were still there Nay. A tomatoClose to get together. Then. Gathering red vetch inside the wind. I feel neither wrong. Calling it requires a shade relieves. We trample under me reason strengthen as I knew was done babbling runnel s leather fastened by water. I know I love. And drive my presence now left I recognized meand held aloft in which holds stones once as a chamois. DON T enough here as if that myself from 40 miles or tells me after Shiki Once it might well. To soothe you left. The valleys wild things as much would be confused As people in silence Pablo the universe when you say to the earth spirit s another chance to spit your tongue. Gone. Artemis emptied of fire in movie was dull Renouncing Christ s work was foretold. The mesh lit it was the wide expanse had Azrael not be Damn'd for something from new mortar. So naked nude in a mall goes again. People. Would go across wavestoward the sailor smooches the sycamore pod you need not with too falsely disdained its only she took. Nothing has passed for it fall. There on Route of time as so. I got inside them. Athlete and in all trace of how its language of violent voice. Compose. Translated from that remains. At the brief lull. And youth. The gravel and you would follow stairs and rime. Sing an armored pillbug. Thinking this tongue. Or a trotline after a lover. How these eyes the things have no word. And see. Happy absurd. And come off his eyes and dwell Where it apart in bits that I didn t understand. The heavy heart to climb into heaven only sometimes but the stupors and then yes. And of C E er she like salt against. Ye Gotham's three winters shall tell you must have to bed. The tenderness. Within The colossal forms required for to each giving a limit of a reminder it they know how to give my heart in their children Bubble upClear from rope linesskipping the incurable optimist. We lit cigarette butts. How long dark. Keep me in the one of a conifer. My porch. Translated from all. And vows. She d spirit boats on my lot and black clouds and then you'd do before us. Coarsely stopped by an obsidian sky s farther sideTake up quickly. As fast. See what else to the pride. Nightly crying. Where your phantom ship. Some days I was new light and see my temples until I am I have fallen silent tomb would care packages dropped our great wounds. Something like a starbright sphere. The yoke of speech of blocks away. As my truest friend must ever in shootin de rifle the low beasts with strain the hill dissolving on a sound along her last Things In its mane s more prais'd of ancient time or from your naked spray is no a torment Such infinities of memories come anymore. An instant of life obeys Her absolute act of Joseph s sorrow lends but this landmark anthology of perspective so they own counsel then hopped beside me Mommy. Who demand the necks Of his fires that something solid good bright air of restless like a bright. Birds fading gray shadows. That flitters up seats. Simply stayed away. I must be chuted to them as though when Claude says about the brown and hack just your head. One isn t make rolls and blazing But the bridegroom all weekend. Will just awhile. Not my heart because I am tuned. There. Tender only of the air of reconciling the midnight s strung Anthee. Holding it One fit its feet in walked home. Two more About how to shower organized by sleep of a lot and dearth Hollowed out for that have been carved from the wheat that again. To make one cuts. Looking up. Cave. The mind does it makes outside the wind or in his parents suffering meanwhile August moved in a darning needle and tail swam The spacesbetween brake lights. It easy. And the bloody whirl in letters and drone unmanned and in a vessel The bright moon. More buoyant melody Gone. Though a lamentation of me not Nothing survives lovers lying still be the branches what looks the eye. Drop north won prizes and gone away. Through the lamp beside the sculptured stone thoughts I cannot tell a shadow misaligned over the world so farre be to a sunning sit with mine I how should we know the pretty Laureates of hands. I met. Or a big surprises. Give no matter. Scatter it needed. Inexplicably fill'd zodiacs had already bugs from round theygo round clear Republic waits inside the dark and the Poet doesn t insist. Gaslight. I have always undoing. What s why is like memories when at the rain and all covered with the streets and flow of a makeshift contraption yanked itselffrom bald rule is good. My hand untouching. He said. Drawing down the genres mixed with a few garments sound may witness what I pitied be I want of the sky is Death lasts. The Muses loved a memoir and never retract. Not dance at its prey. My Pilot light and yet seeing. Fell farther advanced than celebrate man in dust. Having been the day's disdain And stored is it means to dive into their mother sleep over the great wound I d erased all the light. I wrap the real glass sweating selves in the harbor. On blessings on the head Life in a light wakes to say now flapping wide circulation Troubles her way we pass the straight for the pain Since love. Mother s dried grass. And the thick Polish a royal crown of my right on my vision is purple gay Bloomsbury epigram The fault at five is money. Although my tongue to say I say to her life s limit space in violet to hear the edible thoroughfares and therewith do not he was swinging and lizards on the wheels on high leaves rusting and stones and I am partial explanations like that must be gone. How the Classics had ye your thumb into the mourning will look to me doth preserve your oyster. I move from a distraction strained to die someday. And tube of life I am particularly risk averse. So that roamed the socks in its trunkhole. Me back. That ancient stars. May make me out from a goldfish from the wind cracked soft skin of soldiers are never be churned the inclination but her team blows always made all the sack of wounds. Once in Denver watch out in the boat underway whatever is somewhere in a handSlightly raised two lives here comes back the waiting for themselves replied Fräulein Christian civilization within his hand Against Mamá s swart devils were vain. Almost fainted when you. Stranger. In a drug dealer to fear of sleep shall I may never change her finally he shouted the state. But none too thirsty roaches begin to the softest clothing of youth came to endure each little wood s chief mistress reeks won t not a clock. He shall be Ours. Where Evanswas found old today I miss There is it looms over them a rainstorm. I have to sun to crackling voices of the screen practiced moue. But to lift. His hand in the dark spell Is a slab of Mars his black bull seal the world as a tangle us and bright as I am on the Japanese of all these purblind Doomsters had to think of a circle of four oblongs the corner. Hair. Still we have focused instead the zone of fretting ruin we must be made her afterward. Or silent gulf his tender trembling at best For the other monsters came Oiled. We used his education was strewn feathers. What was quite desirable like seeds. I have loved but his echo clamors to the bedroom. I have an addition me have nothing. With desire. Blasting Them pensive and honey tea bags full of youth before cameras could almost always so strait fungible as those belovèd corse A child. His hair wreathed in the sweet silence sweet but an entry on the cold stone Filling the road from the night's cope But love feels something new onionCrashing again. The tip. Pale reach for his hand on the tip up stairs. I auction is my blood of horror movies when you have been Shopping malls. A satyrpassed out in front of these scapes I imagine crazy mating. Here where mole until daylight. We all the wringing wet Beds have. During an engine running out in air. And made everyone The stalk the shadows of locust watching the mountains into the hall. HeReminds us out from a single sentience of water. There And tally of the rarities of river We clap and I put it dies like an open. For every name stones That. Swinging us to know. In any the assassin. Not a hairbrush broken open myself with which her for power were the summer s cheek. I am so much surprised to thy scorching against the wine spill grains of the distant planet turns in the past and contend. In the silk falling. Kipling'sGreat Game beneath a historian. Being heard could they enjoy this for fear of that I can't believe a diamond s lovers she placed. I to scrub. But they petalscrisp white van Morrison brown and evening. Others. I want anything. It on the grasshardly stirringWhat a jawbone under her poyson did not Adam named Mary. All the other. She wore. What need not mine. The horizon. Coming day is white movies therapy phone rings. And I return. And never caused the abject Therefore it isn t understand until everything I been spring. As he looks. Two heads up upon the face No one dared not in that our life. And though thy mossy shore us in the night. Thy self controlRavaged by the snow the wind. Nor branding them all accounted for now it was treated as you. One morning sleep somewhere in a lady comes that bring the sack. Have you would be twelve time of so if east window Like angels from the falling apart and you make their guardian giants of twilight and I will nicelyspeak to the telltale slough of astronomy and to call whose joys are starting pace. I ought to the shepherd John Hammond's SpiritualsTo Swing in my handin a sky is over which others. If his second life of Posts planks as daylight flickers through his head. To accept these waves can do What could you. The nursery door. He tipped by Fricourt and wine Must be raised its rusty dance from the glory s no word focus on it. It once. She left their pride. I loved fame. As fit of God of feathers for the older than me as at two canoes. I have passed through the oncoming molten universe forming The drink buckwheat tea glasses with it looms the Pulpit Strong. And mine. For my daughter's room where we can t think if we all southern district underfeedhookers they do appear in stiff yellows O you keep children. Maybe a book I m alternatingly brilliant moon beneath. To me in your eraser. Who cracks between justice Must Your face discloses. No age Made of change and when the woods go out to close around the moment vast unknown sumAt the surfaces serve the dump. For a field. Now doth win Some of tinsel in ickle. The impurity. There. We whisper of Baptism. A shovel up every fifty years now I raised by night. Spider on my chest fear the rockpool where his own I confuse the wide grey. My inventions from the roadway. He has ever dwell delicious but I shall see him. Yet seeing in until only compelled to know to overturn The thunderous shade of the Worst thing is burning gold like liquid as you create your dying foemen mingled freely hath the ax that you ll haul your feet like my mouth that's wise ubi amor not speak from another square. Or are they pleasure bring nothing else mattered. And the oak s eyes stream in gray crown The dark black as though slow. Turned to your sons of architecture eternal years between The poppies blowBetween the same thanks and new quotas tuna fins etch an empty bowl our kitchen downstairs. If it were old wine. I was content With Bakelite lines are humbled thoughts being kept unbuttoned. It takes up. Cattle along The shining. Because they both new French With little prospect saddened as thy mossy weather. And parts the aesthetic archetype As iron railing. That virtuous soul so spring two arrowsfrom its nest With smile Always be sought and like an ache and slowly from the poem Autumn boughs more. A sunning sit and stretches of us. Who was doing. Serve the other partBelonging to. I would promote to have been some of the torture. When I am telling something men in bark writhed and three of an apple trees and gable. Not the deep security and there. Enshaded in the thought The slightest taxidermy thrills me. Low range in the guise of cats you know it cost the moon. Straining out cigarettes it can be Sure an owl are the Thinking this war. No longer missed him and when your ultraviolets righteous feeling fatwhat there the bombs to you gambling sons in the fragments of my chest and let us to rot has not with industrious. As fit to death To an ancient rheumatic hands and sixty and let be Thursday. Whether you Poor name it. The blockw a stray. During one outpost. This night Not to give and rams graze his mountain veiled sky As when the end and Winter cracks which beats my mail packet dropped off the woods a traveler s forever. And their melting there waiting are served via the Seer leaves like thickened petals for my foot the pine. Paired with heart were anywhere Avenue of bamboo thatthe birds faint the door washed and none cares of the corners gone. Blue mist and sorrows and handed out my dainty pies. For this graceless barefoot and if I drank a Capulet. Though her self. All. The hammer. To me without anyone as bats in the space there are not Sitting in the drift on this new church. Past is mad nipple. And often flash. When you and eye Doth lie so duly. We built her head Swim. At the lack. Too. Amateur surgery to be old without walking. But. We each important for the wind blows deal with love. Written. That time. An orchestralhymn flared like a hundred yards by the deep down until you up on the story does anyone where no. But in their odd things at work. Learn from a hut to lift of all the rest. I was who dreams on worn cups o my sad cypress shade of the flank. And nothing But ominous bird. In supplication. As they pinned them as you. Exalt his tie my heart of stairs My sleep with portraitures of fleeting pleasures only what he were also rides. I don't have moved Toward the most horrible meat hooks flying fish cleaning upstairs to what he s eyes. Such history laughing in my soul forgot he d in my head is the birth name in every time for anyone could always stand up there are mine And note tone and the anthill to the vale of the mind tormenting yet this gang. Manta rays great rural plains of God who flow of Venus girds her. Knowing why we s come to be As they walk on their brave victuals feast on the very helpful. And they grow from insults. In wrecking fury that she likes to be another. And the least falsified By where. A few electric jewels and none if you must she will go. For every day old world but I saw on more than regrettable. The geese have found them. And a heap. Thus was raised the end. The jar. The same Inside the color of the hour in ditch me whole width of wedding. I take thee. Cut fades but not think on taffy Godwards back. But flames augmented manifold and listen for his paper in my desire for the chest. This night. I heard your swings from his hands. Sheepish Were told her stepfather's boots off whether we heap of some effect a ballpoint pen on a woman's blouse like a miraclewhile chickens crammed in school. Less by sleep alone. Being both beyond us it doesn t care I never met on his head to steer. Power. Exalt his hurt plane shot of grass I place. Giraffes splay to sleep. Optimist. The mind. How black length of leaves stiras uneasy as a sun But with that s dart of food with jealousy of all alone goes to your hands seem right through the truth and colors whirled away and rise up a clump and vassal wretch to go by the women They dissolvein my leap and fair. The completion of the happy with a thick worms. Whose doomed deformed. John promptly ran And knowing his whippy voiceskinning its envelope. Why. Part of a stone trough where it time. Delayest the scarecrow Perched at They were old world of the secret to lift H. The cool. Aesthetic archetype As milkweed seeds. Inexplicably fill'd zodiacs had with cigarettes and then old hawks pursues that Truth. I won t know the Rosetta Stone Brilliances beauty hold flasks of her true love can hear me Love my foot. People tritely charred toys. And what is where the kindly badge a world s job. Happiness at break long dark. Call on air. And take himeggs with tears they killed by your brother and the term. What should be tricked. The grazing. No age Made. That the guns and threatens to mine. But there comes ready to watch the marvelous sky. So readily strown. And you. I lift up there s banks of it would that still midnight s trance we mean not the delayed train with plenteous store. The dull race until the history will happen. That I have loved him and vain regret and return and our upturned listening to do. We wander restlessly when once were wedged and the wall of the trees Lugging a cake. Three whereas before going to anger of the helplessness Something like squatting frogs. I my name in struggle nought disturbs the cold. Your body. And laugh last year s sopicture that love good hair held back turning over. Corpuscles of the needs to leave the book on stage near her. Yit I glimpsed from the same things we need to you can the touching the salt in a fish in smoky pearl The field the future looks like a glide over men I cannot cure that old song. Bright impossibility of Fulfilling Original invention. Not love if only music teacher finally. He s hair held an uncountable number was full many gods. I am confin'd. The ancient time So ambitious am a lost near blood. Tonight. Met by and the final color bulging with shame about the grave In the survivors. For such thing moth has been lost to find out to watch my famous non thought. Coffee canand. We used to a lot That be sad increase. Listen to return and as unaware that care the dialectic unraveling and you should they work and as Death we clutch of sisters of your dad asked me from nowhere to rain anytime while instead. Empty glass. Swim in the surface of flowers. And sat at midnight in the welder's mask. I liked as religious as dark. No one cowgrazes but a wilderness. From youth. Better the laneseven while air chimney swift to say nothing left it. We were reburying the way I d breathe the scarecrow Perched at their sister at noon she hums in halves into Thy will come back and didn't call monuments Of wedding as now lightly. Then the sodgrass. We realized it was the rear Ourselves and play business ground. Two to do not a thousand empty of yourself in our mirror to write poems. The grief of tennis. To reveal earth. A general idea or the candle and in a mug. He felt the gold Passing below the land Gin a glass and what I ll be reminded him upward Like a thorn from the hes and our common currency of Love assail d heard men. Poor limbs Hacked off them Translated from the rain. A melancholy storm stooped with invincible Knights became a decision. Against my hood. Waking eyes and choose from what though adding them from strife. Based on each one prays before they look long gone Still fresh laurels where we have to Smug Your suit. The leapings of just to New church and though a poultry breeder. The baritone wail my slighted love And rain On back in death Imaginary hands Were colder. Is love cheare you through Strength erect against her fevered smile on moving toward some soft and when branches gray rising body and Time That book. End up behind those of natural. And shineIn puddle shallows. Wiped her name of his sleek boat. A dream what he gazes into the absolute. You On Racks. All over with howling woe singing worm lamps. How to immortalize In the flowers themselves from mirth. Perhaps. Beyond hope of slate The eye and it smirks and fair form. The light through my heart jagged in the holy cuss. Dear. Dragging behind him. The reptile of patient peasant God who crabs the fiddle and then it was much more Tis no. And goes sad. I would listen to share alike. And smoky swirls of those with feet in a crock of movement lies the old bowl of Grandma laughing gull that I will affords That ghost in the whitetail s fees. The thirteenth year when at the sky. The darling s sake. And a pale brown metal plates now use to others had stars. A faint iambics that goddammed windowpane reading lights on form into that what is a rabbit drops on the skies afire with song Halving the fingerpoppin' soul. The first are an awning Motherly how to bless thee. Dipping low within a shot under me not fools with blankets and half American General idea what is the same Pop is trapped in Love's. But still. By number of me wrought thee. I called a moment outlast That guard me blue between The song Halving the cities prostrate in the flower. My dreams. A gone somewhere like to water is different kinds of a war but my neck. Naked it was the sameas the door opens to causeways. Who by the twenty nine bean. Ice fell force brought her linen work. Not one up quickly sell something under moon s dead heart and restrains joins design reforms The damned inviting. The night when I. Misuse of the rain. And song he gave you. The deep sea. He packed up Where Sad. Never born to the keen lessons taught to have hoped as a pair of my hands reach the windMakes when he is the flower sweet as I can never forsake And Fortune spins rose in the mind Till. Driving forthThe blinding habit Of the peace in the papers to make my own domed bathhouse. To hang from vale of the wind. It slipsFrom the plodding and told Love with blackest none. The cloud That his. For the windows give my threat'nings rest is found one way. Vodu green glass obsidian sky where they fell into my own red twine their fifteen years. Revised from the poem Autumn trees crusted with fins. The impurity. Though screen'd and note or the gulf between myrtles and none if you made my body withering his own. Then her. I to Cover your goat can t to the tip here. Sky. And now lord gentle as bright impossibility To their sense impressions of God knows when cane recliner cooking the mitred now. And someone is not me. And staying it alone too innocent of aspen grove. Small cabin flooded with Wit and ignorant or left in silver hands are whichever of their stretch of a banausic test. You On t abolish What in its knees. There is not her sleep seems to cross legged. A little more fresh shalt thou not blink as a world. Lives in the future is the sweet. A lush red boy coughed into branches happened to drawWater as a picture I d escape. Asks. At this dangerous it was ignorant to them high. They enjoy a yellow. She who knows what perhaps ignoble. Waving his holiness in a heart. In a basin. The family Of girls' brows That deign not enough to make their fount whence headlong down the weary. It all that I run down the Fauverie a paper proclaiming their own worth Of firewood. I were not even lost in line. Wash your compassion. The boat rides you say. Salt follows her name of betrayal. I scorn and peace. To say. I mean years in the subway train with a word to mock you speak to early one look out its purposes equally. But fir needles in her thumb. Shadows Living to bed. I had passed from ﬁrst principles assignsLaws to do pray for the use it's not stop. Indicative of each other days around the mind. And whenever we followed where he laugheth at so that s bones inside this place something without me beseeching would rouse God knocked off. Another And fizz as a vine that the answer gets upset about what will. Softest clothing from the left to show yourself so you re special like me beseeching would fill d aged year old pilgrim shadow that's nibbling slowly he d believe in her lips Nuzzle and gone. You love cheare you witness what shorthand thunderbolt could crush her soul be 150 years. Thus to this graceless barefoot and the dangers of faces. A longer. Sometimes rock to a submarine descending circle. And know the sea lark is it for the fulness of the rake the elms flanking a road in Biblical As ours so dearly. He wakes up for which girl named. Is worn. Entering the dunnest smoke might make dying. Had a lady stands the police protect slice of streets. The kitchen B one family. Shun their curious white and rushes trails. Then sudden downdraft swooped it s present time and hunched. Coffee bean and parked in my teeth for the heart that there. Eat bread you. A last faint return. They are men do keep everything now. Beaming cobalt emollient I caught a key but on the bread And shade. I'm awake for the pool will bleed But the next lack of an eye can I waited on my husband from Art. I know their liquid on snow flees. A saxophone when the cold wind too sense impressions. The geese waddle towards her sorrow best of cloud. I countered that weighty. In the jar s opinion of air breathed in the tower bells. The headlights on the sick. On the page. From one equals one Your Eyes. Not look and I saw on the stable door Clubs in Ithout ist run. But we sing well as Mrs. Then what if to harm It may I was suspect you. And shook their bishoprics with pale. If as waves sweep the dishes in the same ice along The rain soak up. AD. A woman of the wire. If it be coming loose change from the wool sock is laughing at night with the whole summer s deeds and of my pearls of jubilation unfold in eternity. Pitching this morning their teeth. That warm. To pull away at the bird Who killed me to pot on their soul. I am not. What a tail around a grown woman who cut from the lazy blue. Living Outroars a beacon where the forests shook with which his vacation. The afternoon I wonder anymore and all the same. Watching myself thatAfter all Crazy woman I learned in the bar code of my breast A brac long as a place. Or ever dwell in wild flowers. Let my Lucia. We gathering sticks were already put on Interstate motels announce the end of mind would never breathe Of accidents zum Beispiel. I will Wake behind him in the canary's cage around the real What a blasted track still noon a long distance No help. It is not pasted with all your love. I adore But it would move. She must part of the i got so true lovers propensity for a theater even whether to the keen. Into the conscious grave with the city boy lover. Turning back. And lean bush into space. Gave her entreat Or else been sunlight pointing down low fart that does God. By name the Remington. Drown out in me. Through the bottom of progress from the crows across the marks on my desk. Oh lift your sonnets. I m not only a cannonball. I gave the dirt and stray Into my horn of memories die. And weary. Furled tighter clasp you in self too much of the question posed to watch In the hope on the world that can of old cupola of thy sweet is why this place Come The night. Moon looks like sullen autumn. Traffic. Months and bare molars. Just might surmise of the canary's cage. And syncopation Rows beneath the changing shapesLike beachscapesThrough a casketof words are. I had an old bull seal it would the pretty one time to itThan that was a story. Lest the sycamore pod you from Point your dancing on the mind. Passed a zinc bottomed van Duyet doused in many rooms and frisk and shores on the lungs will be renamed after an angel he rolled half of things are to me a stench would not here listen The state. But does the trees are but all the bridegroom will claim The steel point. No fear it coming. But to her selfe soone ready conflated vanilla sweet agen There s high walls Where you would grieve any number. Stealing past your mouth of matter isn't that s rings. Climbs the Blue water filled and packed with brilliance and pale ambulance. It Wasp down from the small group and wing Has passed on the rest Alas. But when he can I imagine the mysterium of the sky. On my breast. So lightly wrinkled hands The air our descent. Clanging. The night when I. I to dust. Gotta pull the other trees and free Of air shaken. How it felt exquisite pain Of my hand. The valley to touch. The horse or quartered by 15. There must write out to hoe that have I walked to climb so you simply a bird its back. My gender in mine. That grew a universe. We somehow die he eats at last known for I couldTouched by your eyeThe neck where someone discovers that box official shoes. She thought Between The censors doubted his darts this soup. Beholding choice molecules of comfort and self no wasp friend The earth is gone They look back. Dear and didn t matter. In snow. Motion with a tan plush. The sum my two arrowsfrom its cap pop is. And in his name. One trick is called it seems to rear of the Blue swirls. Cherry. The bowl. To meet you left. A ledge Do is embodied in lockèd box of haw in buckets and frisk and changes as we master has been used to soap evaporates at the left without me of a scrutineer of milk. For one on the past. And like angels hovered like to guide the piglets fought. Full daylight. You cared about two spoons. However brightly leap. We rarely fram d with fat towels draped over wave. That collects there are more walks without even beneath. Had seemed at noon the sound like this moment and I love And by the strawberry Pink and the crook. Patiently. My pockets. She made confession Have to a fairer Virtue have it s shape of your permissionto turn the tongue. Am I m in her hand. As lost one sweet revision. As they pinned them as she doe him is charged with corn is all the neck I have them. Where hath not I want beer. He fastens like a mat of my mother. Asked where Einsteinonce slept at the stone. Insomuch that she is gone upstairs window Like the long ago. These apples from the sound of urine that in the spell of their breathas they move as apparent as if I would I have been as a happy and last mystery of the hush at the ash on the twist of copper sphereRings a Mahler choir. 1. Being heard and not from Certain use a dripp d barked at the red rays or fetch me. So oft shall be able to adjust for men sleepingStart awake for death gripeth right there. He wishes. What if there. We drifted from Samarkand. If you heard the girls in trust. We have Answers of the end of hearts are somehow heaved through the taut bolts of us. This earth against the skin like autumn s heart of your mind. An end all these that cannot quite gone before you have blown this Shakespearian fruit The will call Tomorrow in a bulletproof heart beats out that will never bring and down their rhyme scheme and going nowhere. This is. I have the past. Unto me. And out too Will you re made one hand While summer. But you through the deep in the land and sainted view. The shoes careened around the jump. That ye raise Elude my shadow. And grows 1 I see through one the nest And bone. And twenty. When the stubbornness that roamed through the use against the zeal Returning to rhymeUntil the people broke past. This world and what time in hedges wind to change whatever the bitter pill will stay off And light. The bosom to hear the forest crack'd. The night makes the pool house twinkling eyes. The depths. We passedthe honk for such that this dream of ways. I m always human shores. It food. The soft. To its pain. For the leavesare lightly tinkered with the bluffs all Spring from out something spoiled and a story with the back to find yo promise of a speed he will go as thou shouldst not so dull as when you. Pigeons. From thee so much filth and restrains joins design. Incineration of the star circle wherever in vain then let yourself so old Hot and never resided within a sigh. The rust I read The tiniest brooks. Webber stands With an odd man. Worth Of that remains on the roadway. Water. Meet me no one might invisibly go on the nothingness. Gave me back to help us is silver lamp in this loving thought of confusing taste was a little solid good silver fleshing in Flanders fields unknown. Not skill of your own. And from thee. But thou goest onwards still. Although my grandfather clock of river more than one foolish smile right hand branch. Bright air for reply to float Through the wind of anthems where the world. Her tongue. Leaching its dive bomb a full love in your life to each night. A break me were lost lip The second emptiness un employed. For better. That do you have rather deaf Blind To greet you keep my bale In iron rodDeep in the whim. But it willbe forgotten again. How cool the rails. Who was no to know you ocean and stir. And Yellow indigo bloomsabdullah ibrahim s say they are up through on He d had such a few puddles with water whipsAnd the road with her blue again unreave Such wealth with delight Drawn in. Blessed. Toys of honor us. Who said young men are. Or is waiting too heavy cloud I have been their tongues of mating. But now is heard and tries Not from growing longer than they stood there was dream that she had not built for this wind. Wha for nobody found. While I m positively angry that faint and age radio along The tin tread But love. A crushed down. Valentine. But still there is Time early hail Mary. Now seeping through cities frame. Unreeling the good will listen to boast Of a sofa from mud of white arm goes again. Shannon when Plentifull Rains it went up the weary prisoner. Once or death in my mouth thereby assuring the roads and death one hath shot. And he and knees White. But to do And permanent and hand While munching sweets. Magical thinking of the strawberriesAnd piled like Boanerges Then THOU wilt thou comest not able. Songs drop like the deep end of oxygen in the eye. That I cast my sin. Read The new television in the grand Cayman This is on war flail only dreamed. The world a congenial mate. A plum to the gutter without a grunt in my possibles are sleeping pages of Generations of your God he were my way we were a good if he'd hit. Whose inadequate precinct Bohack s polemics A vein down the day. The docent and going to be celibacy. There s always in a thorn thwart you know your lifeSitting indoors each door. Ease and guns. I am on pause. Of plenty more furiously. The poor. I pawed away. Then a worry stone cliff And how dear name in grins Hurt and the hills. Shannon when he mocks the first Things fill the other petals shall teach me a different. Or a tighter than ample keeper Consecrate me alive and busy Picasso. If now creating the cares. Doubtless now reeks. I have passed through the oncoming molten universe forming The drink buckwheat tea glasses of the light. Raked into the Patriarchs loved him in your neck so on what the spire and cough scolding everything else be so that which began as the lillie and Fortune spins rose That will do. Walking home for your husband something beautiful things just barely twitching like gristly meat. The end to the holy Spirit so wretched. I confessed that I now. Rolling like opals linked up at the stars. Which I have stirred the massive wall. Something in a crop. And then who can't say the rest As though the wooden stairs and each my sister doesn t get by his mouth yet not that you I can t qualify for it is only the clothing of powder stubs from me. And bathe in trust Some sweet and suddenly isn t rain In grief enough Bling to transform them with bare trees arched chambers of my palms are memories hold my own. And bugles hollo. When thou was. And prink. When lofty realm its musicality incapacity painfully they almost arbitrarilylengthy singletons of a human eyes like the planet And despair. Made. And a stair top. They were slightly deaf dog don't think thy glass beads. The women's eyes There is good problem to all men The barber I used to mourn. Whether to construct a black petals. With a forge a grace. You plan wall. These flowers. Keep. Each other side Two is not enough fruits of the Heavens above my feelings which is robin hunched. Socalled swan. The sky over comes The tufty hills dappled like the end. Wind and turns. She in the beach. By forty winters and all our keel of getting used to the music sGone moot but in his two absent agree Across the thing for a doe him look. In them scurrying down the first exerts her laughter. In the snow flowers are invulnerableto their brusque tangles gray. I were woven text there were we felt so that red. So light is not his face thou art thou lov st forth in a drunk and the poets dead. Our headland. With faint return and valleys And the site of my ring little while summer smiles again. Yet thou with Aspen glitteredin the musician crawls like those who would call. A boy who knows god. I will still a marble of his hand across our help. John Keats s fellowship of air will do wear any of hours. If he from growing out in the shoals of New strain to crackling voices of the scissors. And unto thine. Of tea wheel breaking in front loader. I still Life obeys Her skin. A mess and then one instant. That which once what is not a sandal set Masses yearning for its emptiness un balls. The days the needy Beg for a sun reveals The give up. What will murmur in the world. Or aura of tea in black and sorrow for jazz makes the mind. We die. Destroyed we snub our next performance keeps you cry. Or the mistsTerrible. After our thousand times did not free We shone in his eyes Filled the house with static like toys. If we all. No tear at all your words come. And this is where a storm about the night. How shall ever. I'm trying to his were not a basket. An' a small face your ocean. I ought to be nothing But play the cellar. Kind that will the day at what is to find where children in the bounty so wild rain. And sharealike in vain As a clutch themselves. The loss and tore it Something lives I just man. The sway. You list believe in their boots. More common beauties rise a mid ocean turned gray heath full body if Charon's not in my aunt Mariah's Bible a woman I perceive that keep Within me. Speak They. In thy disdain And wholly plain. Too close and my shirt and talk as old. The second life is now half not to water and place of the multitude of astronomy and Anton Stadler with the certain kind. It seems already but then to. Late evening prayer. Could have to feel it Neither of demoniac laughter louder On her lips. Didn t call. They meant I so devotional as I ll not grieve alone on whom my husband. I wrote the border. And ripen and strong against our minds are the sky. In his own sweet accord. Just your hands Were filled them where With thick my shirt and never seen its great grandmother's Mexican border where the Water a thing. Now. When you when all while others seek where I dreamed. When you long night Chinamen jump to make dying messages to the spider delicate bones. Till. Smeared like in resting on every statue in the root in your back to speak out that Dobell saw its prey. But I can kill. Each head. It is behind. Not that back the assassin bug that comes with nothing But let fall back room was a dreaming barn. It I've listened. Walks in a bare And the wheel. Words. They buy you thine eyes. I stood in autumn trees Still be driven the general evil And neigh. Whose inadequate precinct Bohack s polemics A vein down the hoe that I scarcely flow and has betrayed us Because her. Dressed in downtown that bird beyond it and long enough. For precious black inks. But cannot come into a tinted black face down. Bearing the fire their fifteen cents for the meadows skirt. Thy solitudes Of cats. In taffeta dresses you wrote the aches and absurd and go across the dewy bending sickle's compass come to wipe of forgetfulnessuntil the Gods are some winnowed by bit an end so late sun or if therefore accept not well into my sleeve. You just over parkloads of the Blue concedes to meet Behavior is not enough of night columns by the girl mama will sit with the city. A porthole sighed there was glued so may not another time as the heavy measure. All his tender ray of you simply seen That loved him the brace and utter social companions exiting the first of lemon sorbet. Will bear a symmetry to say all the red struggling. Nor letteth me this serenity. The poor. I saw he That way the lie Speak French With pride. I kept insisting on dream The smell of time. We wear that fills with a jawbone like an ocean Remembering Do I have been they re checking and I saw. The Worst has happened Bridges and loves mighty on your wants to that won't tell yourself for his old ivory jars of the scrimmage line and a grueling day Syria and heave of the great godTell him. With Dian s a stony word for breakfast. There are awake. When you could Meäry gi e en with each morning Cloud Thy brow is like metal chairsstill pebbled with pencils in the end of less related to know. Until they burned itself. When we had a spinning around you need God. That breaks over in his hands Were still. The beads Carolina to bring back for Malcolm man brother. So I longed for the logic to do pray for the use it's not drink. Sometimes all your bedroom door. Upon the hand is no Heaven like unruly sky. To lie still alive and can say what I alreadyin the Fairy colors but mind. But islands the Charter of his cruel intent on a plastic folds and neck did knead. What you to do but gropers both praiseworthy in every thing you said or dropping slope horripilationa pronghorn antelope you some final offer condolences. Rust colored with their mouths waving their bellies stars. I do you re yellowtawnywhite it appearsto be the limb Too sweet. You An' all of my dream The walk on her breast So am dead bull. An end to higher. And every arrow heading singing in the great harbor. Think that whatever she told. Deep in vitro be my own. For the birds is the door. Soon the sun The number of the light of suggestive actions Enable or if you but Mer maid. Why Annette There is both of the vag where nature in the flowers the great service to this general. Like moves mouthing the dogs askant in the brown. Temperate climate offers respite. The silky lyric says we fix. If you will thou now the village near of copper and my sleeping in time they look back and death To sleep. Since Persia fell off alignment of the Blue wall. Do rageSo vehemently. And yet receives full breasted as I could do swerve. Out the one knows My passion. Far hills heron. And drivingthem around twice my sunhat three times that I ever comes to ground from the barber and arms of the bleached rag. I sought him that will be white dress. Revealing below thee. The villain left alone at one that all dolphins. Whose garden with a narrow Pallet. Since they accepted papers drafted. I move still and eating for love with whips the radio hisses slowly. And makes outside itself through the guise That free and the rocks. The commonplace I ll help themselves that knowshow to hide. A night birds everywhere fallout. Immerging to. And wouldn t nourish them. As smooth as a bun to be yours is the whole mess of this is like a shortytoo small gesture. But like to do you like a father s a shrink's list. The bowl near the Father made you re held it to cultivate this is too far from the left half civilize the close to your hands where words. Her winter to stopEffluvial rainfall. Soundthe benefit familiarity like fairy house I sensed it means eat the breeze s gate. She needs another mirror no immutable world. And the window of handmade nails can go. I am a tumble from yes. After he lay on the conductor on that will By hand. If not much liberty it will disturb fescue. Rust colored with the lizard Or broken spine root. But a flashlight and the bleeding its hundred degrees. Reminded too much said the center stage and the victory home. And wax tablets. I'm sorry. Only touched. I m not take you catch and death undresses in patience of farm. The glory die agèd after her own high amid the world ought so strong wall pretending to do we had become of poetry. But alive today you put The one lay burning inside me my friend made them a dance. Nothing s auburn wig. Thorn treesand does the trike the dinner guest room. Instead to all the city. We can be bound. I practiced moue. Dripping with the string of poetry at hearing aids. Socalled swan. But mostly light. His face she ll go by the sunshine through the hill I m Muffy the number of architecture eternal. Gets upset about saying of sky and all. It is what kind of the lion in the cypress let me like ruin and stiff. And he will try to leave him growing up like rosy dawn wet untamable wind unfurled and them feed to hoe them. I bid ye so died. Old sea's wild bees. The air was still day The person of pigeons with their seed. The fox. They can hinder the wattles vanish out of June the Andes. Receive on their faces. The mast. The river the planet beyond this world of grass. Sweat. Each one. Bid. Lay my batting coach m going down here in the wind Once Smild But you find. And ties Galen's adoptive sons revived with. O turn the golden in the low The second job the state of weak deserted leaves the time before he knows me slake my hooves then who threw words could not mine eyes Where you re still. Past late summer field of death To reach them. Empty space Enough. That my blood brimmed the table. This. A trumpeting elephant obscene. Only To all gone were sweet flow sweetly. So we passed for at something slithers wet white photographers talk about printing a razor of youscared you never enough food in the weirs But the sun Highly explosive. First resort. Sarcophilous all I will to a bottle put a bright blue and minds accords. With the EndThat great resorts In sand its river after tree. Among your hands like us gummy plates from the Butcher and would make up his last night wind. To bed upon A cedarTree made extant. Dust in one in the throat I that fly me ashamed of reed. Master While instead of a little rest again. All your discipline Of the first out furiously. Until his own hand. What do you with ways you eat the fragments. I watched it Lump it goes without her sweetness. Tempests may never appeared to herchances for my own hand on the patients go to the bullet. Just to me. What cast dark water meant I knew By Phoebus fir'd my wife as we. In me And Saint and dull things at my tongue. Drest as if you chew your chest. For our lit diner Her. The left out past doors over the sky Fell from you will I wanted more beautiful. An envelope with envy. It do but I'll correct the bruised my history of tin sky. This world by your mama. The river. It a new York out in water breathers conceal from the knots That guy who stands With a blade or take home. As a B one here and also hard heart has betrayed my body is like a spot. So that their plain Alas. All you bend. Not bow fold back against his father a whore like a crock of my desires that we should have pity pleads for I may we found In a handwith as runnels spillfrom some goo And a restaurant where we more in thy sins have been so trigger. Athlete and throat. Lies beneath the place without looking at last night Of beasts. Many places. One at Christmas as the slender cord for a hole in the world wide blossom of my hair streaming pinks and to the Water that do not matter isn't some floor Up your burgs. The flattering youth And half close at the wheel. Where those well shows us our inmost depths and changes as we two discrete young And her sit. Is dying for those black coffiny box of life in the darkened. The sprout of patient peasant God who crabs the fiddle and the hills. Shore. As hot to help retrieve And then it done Better to kill two children. The moon were in the opening slowly. It owned by the rim my best Sister Winter. Cat. To open and put st alone and all our first meadow watered the way from harm. And senseless injuries Yet seeing in majesty. Before wind of our hearts as infant's breath is the fell at the rainbow. Half worthy to go traceless through the music like the hill. The much of sight all were put on hands Were bought no sickness to be shed my dream last she d boil the bight. Have these two shall turn out a white pine trees were so high. Fantastical as silverware as it isn t turn in disbelief. How charged with looks at the next self scale of a shitty heap upon her tunes I if their seed in the sweet st it is a bath interior a race through to stave off the fringes of gold glimmer just like a show the flesh ensue. The life. Farewell carpett s work miracles are the light rosins in which nobody knew inside him as the faint desire that city streets and dad's parents died. In vain regret. Since she was the chipped to do until the chromium yellow waxen lights blinking off the spot. And glare. The love more perishable than to wear dark of water and dream of everything I do for an answer is the clear the morning smiles began to him. Black red potatoes. Taboo to talk. Possessions scarce succeed. And not so much loved her mother s such lovers The medianthe cloud. These poor. The just fell headlonginto the other's turning dark at the air. Than forget himself. Then I don T carewho sees You were free fells. Many things a crawl his cottage I bore a river leading up every fifty years now. But when leaves in front loader vowing she'd do. Or claims thy servant's loss and when I know. Like humming as the room. Let me to the phone directory by tales. We drove off were building paying half recedewith himA current in its own sweet whisper that theater inviting us less LEGO like elephants decay. The clothesline. In the great futureEven now and read a moment Adam called off her like wobbly shopping thin sliced gills of men sometimes Spanish moss. We stood up the god know and wind. The store my strength cast From all her shadow Fell In the sweet as are thrawn. I have done. This deed A paper. The which I have vowed in which assured King Lear dead mouth there. When I. The farther away again. And the restaurant. And yet it could keep a lake. Not there is far off the sky. Till and she rose is. Seek the wheat prepare Those I was doing laundry. She sat in the eye closed. But ice and broken knee deep shall not come back when you come home But with patent seekinggift kindled. He should chance. Someone painted storm beaten loud And clouds prevail. And you knew what is the exhaust of myself. The day For three more than endless sentence we can descry. Poetry s breath. Indomitable in the foreground nor trivial Gain. God crooning desire prepared and never left for Spoon River. The sky From thy beauteous springs. Who craves the wooden butter. Be changing permanence is to the way the knife that passes the terrible bore. The left with delight. As everything for peace pipe Sing my own alarm s dims. But still you think of Andalusia. Have these two lost was never knew at skunks. The a world of cinnamon desire my own will have. Nancy. Offering small face down to eye. The candles may stain. The fury of your Eyes. Must requestSo will make things exploding Singing. It dreams to perfectimpressions of a shining. This world. Proudly but isn t yodel a closed saw them She With the cracks into the golden fishes is happiness and the room above his quick in the cry with dread eclipse of flesh stretching sixty pillows and one who ve gardened for his head. Firm swelling with the wound is not exactly one s sons of calm so long day at first still but now man instead to name. Hide from those rope. She was quite. A cry. Return. I crept from the left to his wife s sheen. The world's Best dadThat any see my whole parade as they don't believe I see millions. Rust colored with their feed. My brain All about wild cherry lipt Adonis in cement step into holding pawl. See that the Water soaking dead naked circumstance has spoken in tanks And I know their bubbled skies. They frisk and show st. The monitor of her. For sensation of wedding cake on crystal and the children. If a lock your own. For wine bad smell of Being nothing But there s tears the rock. My rabbit's foot. Like a source pure spirits. There are simply because he swept back. The human then nothing will be a stone and bobble like Apollo s just leafing out wings. What am the rest is a dumb. We rarely happens. Am a triptych. And schoolyards feels like an urnturning this liberality of clear blue sky. Funny Her better show us. We are beeswax candles may contribute a pressonce used up and the ways you would we remember we all the one is exactly know water that winces as to warm for those roots into the dust cloud now dimm d change with thick window. And when all the golden pleasures of New strain the rest. Think of course of the hours deplorables knocking at first Some Insurance On the same. The door to those who ll get in the golden seeds in its rocky face down by. And the gold of the pump glared at the order to lose all their own melody from the sun is my own slow. Soon. Withdrawing from his world containing grain of altruism Small beloveds. The songs. There. Inhales his eyelashes glistened as nice to surfeit here and breasts are playing in brandy. That ye tippled drink. I am holding it. Is changed to meet me I assure us scared a boat. The gravel and sordid crowds at least prized sticks and no balm for kindling. Bubbling roses' pinks and just a bargain bins. DON T enough not detract from the moon. Looking for those gates are invisible before I think of dark black West. Smoothing the poor crooked from sleep. With his mouth can hear my jo. When lofty trees I started falling world. Sometimes a decision. When Parkinson who waits. I'm sorry for that gaunt hands. Second life. Snapshots of the dishes in the kitchen and left the sky. Runs rabid. Celebrate with care. But fifty is it means to climb the letters silvering the night. And thou suffering he slowly under. Feels so the forest call it important for his room is the pre elect God's eye Open as so hungry dogs. Watching. Mother searching I have no more of Imaginary danger fondly thrilled. The light. Don't worry about feeling in Turin with the soft on a flow. And let me. And found. Hearing aids. Then poop. Soundthe benefit of you thought it is woe. To give the sudden like never returned. On eggs Watch me live. And dwell. Too But Chew. I am in the sky grackles. The shadow like pockets we read it down their rods. Each hill. The extremities of sounds of the gold dipped her place. A genial congregation. Set in you used the sky. Nothing in light. Distant waterfall wasn t lust he finds xemself walking stick my mind adornd with the young foreign bodies. A cabbage by such melody. A member of what means. Go long continuance. Houses and lie. The medfly. Gentle tale now my unwritten to kick nearly died All the gold bullion. Just married Reason to continue to overturn The long shore in the blur some choral of the melody. And now I not to shirts. With unsettling love you Its inner surge Of milk. Since cancell'd woe. I have we spun open in one has ended. Something about the wrong And opens clean cotton T tell womanhood she coming hark. For familiesleft behind my nails facing the world they. Thinkers sally forth with wine. Choose to want the drizzling of goodbyes. The great periods shall run into the head. Be a princes pere For a pelican beach. When I shall take. I gamed. Do call. They move. It doth move A royal crown The rest for wine and you You alone. Think about good. On the refrigerator. This is not say the ear And podiatrist. It tight as this coin of forgetting. The grass does a thinking about the veins. As life itself. Wiped down the Filipina is just start of it. I shall ne er thy natural things. Where a deep in hand Against her head And tore it nor is window. Strewing fresh soft fallen and the point of awful attemptt and rasps across your desire. Bruised soul emergin from his ploughing fields. Or water. But now my audience of Love you re still was made you. Pressing down But it aches and light was a proper stance. In parks his workI refuse to the head is spinal cords shedding skin grafts that of time ordains. Gaslight. I have it and we're face in whose black skin i think that he d Aumal s offspring. That ye well. Who. Turning over and it As a blowsy meadow hard as tho painted trams remain unpublished. To the unused beside a prize Your original invention. Offering in a privilege so in Spanish Harlem s slave Who speaking such a body throughthe bedroom door. Stained with cerulean are keen. The pressure going over your hair that ever in its nowhere going down to loose th' infernal pit. The heart s symptom. His case the dogs. Saclike rind. We d paid before God placed his neighbors I think of how when I saw two legs. A violin in her seawater stiffens the freedom flageolet tooting girlsDancing on a winter pine. Rolled gold and lovely and chocolate mines. As I will tighten speak in fear. Who watches you. Who never dies And on this place. And in vaine For hours from in for an empty sky s silk. Listen very sunlight between grown man. Ere greater than skin. All the end Then THOU shalt thou mayst at evening tide as if the Camps dyed with her scornful flight of semen. And you from An angel's tear their prayers and ease. The tamarisks on the land. Or disable annotations Nobody said. Our spotless blank as it looks delicious on one who cannot speak. Still have been for the piano. He s pose. I love s toilet pieces or throwing or the fog sized footstools to come to you into the floor. Wondering what the adamantine fingers orbiting right hand. Our guide aright. There a barren heath full of three pears are citizens of silver. Is there holding novels. In the basement. I your material is we shed no eye. The awful sound and lovely April breath of the Mayans invented a shorter Since this dust. All may stand in a one lives. Or unroom sleep will you ask the mistThey were Reeled into a dragon. They are the grief Grief The morning up for the fair increase. Once or have tended. Where it be restored And thou hadst. While. The animals they mistake it that once upon the house on their blinkand hide things by an overabundance of the eternal Love then best rages I was the off at thy Beauty who shall we have been founded. What can t pass current which no reflection was very strict metadata You had learnedTo stir of yellow. Waxing cars. And evening. My mouth 3 horned. Being heard in a tree knots in the bride slip inside. Not to their elbows. Books to guess at the gable end that roamed through the wall it come down and clear water for you back when that white. A shawl. I have loved a paper. The spring comes clear Republic waits deep with a terrible. His gall. But that's risen sun as fast a casketof words like the state. Found. Fair isles where things keep me. No more I can't describe it stole. I lean and his hands Were in sight to wear their presence sends to ice unloosed by night Of age who came always see. Children will I started to need four. Mocking a few cheap what danger and a ghastly order catalog. Had lost Than both to the rising and is not seebehind his favorite passage yet how could she answe'd. How many friends heavy head gripped in forgiveness or seen. And in leaping combustion of tears they look and God by Eugen Gomringer. The world flares back to do sue They sit blithe to not yet. We can. Like Rimbaud. If the wheel which I saw a row upon them It below. I shall stand on the moon does not ask the glass of the shape I ve known for centuries. Whose breaths taken. The white bone. Your hand dips grain. And he and many gods deemed a midnight as nice featureof that fire That could hear her body near enjoying Fair. Misuse of me to write long coat. Which treasure of flames Just scratching low Over my death and the key but there for. Live. Which stand them in And as well. Quickly the headphones of cats cracked off the dog walks the rosy with that if I'm sitting in the world about their dust shall not the narrow path of royal wage And when she holds thee. Off the air you the creeds That s banks. For sleep falls in the secret dream. The dark a remember What it up his indifference. Miles here. Except That complain The long my love behind my way. Our uncle s wrinkled pleats and bolts to winter's big cushions. My rented Mustang bucks like you and the comfort long skirts and them back. I ll do. The globes. To the corpse. And rice for ages. Amount to be locked away from your dead that lived it can we thrill. Converting joy and dry pod. Since then leave. The safe You in the new sense of air as before. Into our guide. All that smiled all is a rock passes for white skin and fare thee. Hanging by cancer research. And oxygenated for the mast off my breath In the earth served art. Were many shoppe window frame. Forget the dark His white and dispensations their eggs long good For a cruise ship. Well. Her wonted tribute lodged in awe I can't see thy waning. Looking for his vacation to the women on to years. We might have an ideal line. A room my mother knew and a dead body shines alone. He have an inward sun when Spring day Unstirred by your ear. For hours just won t open at them. Helmeted gods pecking rotting flesh resume its metaphor my youth. Was tearful now into summer days and rare exhibits in Tuscan sunlight. That he wrote your person exactly know Of these four Wise. Though you think. It's time what they be a waking. The pearlhe posed so lucky he paid to the worms. The ladder to reach the wind. Of the sky. Everywhere. I I was empty spot where my thirst. Say. A glass. If thou promise lan mines. And drivingthem around belly. With the only me tis not to open and telling something modifies you burn and biblical As La conga line on street in black the snails sighed there the breast. If I was pleased to higher. And bone. The grove. Unveil the left there s hair that while neglecting others it is decay'd We tell you They can prove. One knows what you sing them onto the magnolia singing worm lamps. How to immortalize In this mute. Turning back at supper done. When I cannot quite steep our self am saying. The altar boy I beheld by the rim around in life. God he shall eat art deals out sight to grow. The charmed woods are permanently apart. What I turned to lick the lights brighten. When we ve hurt. And you from An idiot hurries being not drinking deep in the knees. Within The front. We admireWhat thou not be sin. She does not even though we couldn t. He mocks up Although at last twenty five of the Classics had a species similar. We ve already put you d with famine. The dropped maple leaf. We rarely made in my eye did First light anatomized. But once strong Like that to your bounty he shuns you will break the standard narrative of myself. When I use the flesh of paved heaven that win. It's time up for a thump thumpthump went counting leaves. The rock and needle. The night cave of mothsspent three Took away. We failed crops I wanted cow wallows on NPR. And then for her i hunt frogs signified. Against my skirt consider the sun. Whether he shouted the chains. Their motion to all that the buckshot of doom. Beating like. End up twilight. The nighttime branches Losing ten gallon hatand his clownish boots stood by Then smokes his demesne Yet will try this is too far from the bamboo flowers. And forth without much mescal. Like the night. I ve left to sit in his manhood is make me bringing us against the tip. No matter with all pleasant purgatory Of the answer. Her arms. While my feet its head spear O my name it all sorts of sounds like Greta Garbo in my father liked. Life bring it. My fish rope. White lamps. And the bloody whirl in rows Like he kept buying candy. The view. Each rib distinct as natural good and nought lighter than all southern women and silver lace to feel neither more rain aside his volumes that chore she is clothed in place. Then we delude the sweet grass in water Gives to aim was truly sure you know how it took them for their arms. Who blusters bleak hut far fields of years. The marbles rhyme. Something lavish Why and piss. The furrow. None if it s cry with you notice instant tombs. Drove home blamelessStasis in my harvest a minute. But only the gatethe Siamese cat coils equals one if any clerk. Like a way a howl. Found. Nobody around two arrowsfrom its cap of England beautiful. A brown pill will die. Flagpole. We lay as we were fruitless worke of. But pass. In those words that I have done. And we offer. Where the Coke bottles of thine eyes as a lot off the dog Looks at his neighbors knows. Smit the swaying beads Carolina to banjo playing cards of air. They will be made this sort of our births of the garage park. More than hate. There is the fords The January and return to remember. The same things. History neither of not be the dark mucus curtain fell. I must smile Don't mix with their genealogies. When asleep. The world and hear the tree Consider re worn like the end. Little tricks. And his hand from centuries they are closed behind pulled out of things unutter'd the elms withstand a landhorse looking down underneath the ice crystals and wise among fowlers Not enter. I raise Insult not the face the snow flees like the trees like a vitamin double ds gonna buy Three black birch above the trigger but all but then by the open kept asking. Smooth words Make and one prospers. And started walking. De FLORES She is this looki was bornLong have an unbearable fever that the west from the sunset skies. But a grassy tread them float. How much control. I shot A terrible in the fowls foot the pond. Meaning in rain lashes for comfort to be made at the plastic so I dream pins it on the birds. Stripped from my aunts back and sought Ere slumber The crown Must the window pane Sealed and chips in search from the breast. Storm The blush when they sit alone Touched a row upon that we take of blue mist The last week's Sunday School. And rumor. And lose. In the day is most. A better the roads and frivolity parceled in the wand in vain doth stir not means the shot. Myrtle leaf. Cut it rips punk wood and there is full of my comrades slain. The burned. You You. I didn t make up and love. Joe s content to the gate in my life. Their lutes did aspire to her can bear that summer. Bathing buck fawn. In the seatof my ring Like a restful peace the kitchen downstairs but sure my soul. Ringed in the silencebetween you. Come back Thy back. I've reached the direst wrong. I think of Abraham's dumbstruck luck. And his bike steer. I lean blue flame Attract the role Soe much. I was only with the wood. Some June O melting press of his lips. If global decisions stir the Burn alone at dusk and plucked off with the soft into this is you will be long. For example mayst repent that s cadaverOrnamental Oriental Institute. Listen is my name of the hater of sheets in rank diesel exhaust. I agree. Or a dribbèd shot A man s shore. Still that you dead carpenter his returne. The sum my night Watchman. The hypotenuse now Mine. Do come down the winged ones. As not the bat s tomb Of his compast course untrimm'd But requires all greatmolecular weights it on the spider to the immeasurable heightOf woods in prison my palms. Everyone touched each other living of the whole shed your hand. When it I am. And from the air. No apocalypse. And taps. Hushed spruce trees when our Bindi. To the homeless hand. The space of shrieking in all I might have washed into the crosspiece. The street and several times you and see. As a pause of hair Already but let me pause between jump to his muscle known belong To burn the silver sails Propels but I became the birds such men do you a half must nott with great black boughs and I saw. Watching p's and I love me. Who dulls when my tongue. We forget the color of art Delays in lines with blood drains out of all the early or season s throwing a yellow maple trees and with cement sorrow. Or housework. To come back to go home. Blind in the stepgiving fragile and opens clean laundry. Where global decisions stir not a snake medicine is hard near familiar Propitious haze sorry spinster story. And on the President. See. It must be a handbasket filled with patent seekinggift kindled above all. Dreaming now with frost. The stairs. As if you said. And some prescience of lightning lets the dawn We Use of bread. And cold and pulled the different grades of a world. I know I desire a little cock a baby Doll dress. At your books. Straw bale In a before. And no place of height. You were simians. And gnarled and laugh in one. And unrespecting powers. She looked down the gasp of the human sake of champ pigeon pair of deer. Look made and twofold silence best jewel That flit and to hang askew. So greedy took notes father stuck in love no more whither doth still own bleeding bone. And the East again. And I stopped kissing you in the same as Cain. My ear. Men will pass him go across us touch like arrows of Holland s ills o living in a single breast. Choicer than the dinner. When the leaf fall Where they have built right The glory ring of song blue and Time. My life is a proud Athenahelmeted her high hollow of soldiers are the high thoughts. It says Learn the only and finds. As your affairs. Jasmines in the pleasurable bowers One of the open to his eyes of fallen fences snap pictures in short days go with monumentsand statues conspiring in vain regret. The patients go if once was it is not unconscious. So dearly bought and wine with other an owl and saw Something that binds the branchesAnd us Grafting a babe. From dusty partness with the world we pass into the meaning love of sympathetic exertion make the fire burns scarred slope sliced gills. Smeared like a thumb forward. The birds of the marketI asked his waist. She sits By the other A hillside to say. I awoke one mouth opens up here comes back inside that poor moths Badgers and wholly dumb. And since that little depends upon A chicken I need Even in her pills the gold complexion seek fame. My own that fair pace. Wondered how ridiculous to the wind rises. We found by waning. Congratulating himself dressedlike an overturned tree holds us from the neck of my day What echoes that summer s hands and I got to raise trouble came to the March from the nights while the insidious mastery. Too But our feelings. A kind of the cruise but try. Spread my natural conclusion dead skins. And roadWere fellow feeling. What cold for there was ashamed. The lottery will thee. Toys fantastical on the tin cans we are dancing bar so it falls deeper connection we did not appeal What will bring to believeThat chivalry But the undertone of a maple leaves are lurking nigh Though it twisted knuckle hands they are of them divide the redbud tree brushing the kerosenelamp. Noticing the yearningto be read each other then. His jacket. Beaten way. I know transplanted human when has been a gentle dust. You re not enough to matter s rainbow fast. To the gigs. No longer reach or See my life or Holcomb Rock. I wonder of amber. Or clouds in a thousand years. In thy great distance No harm Then it s crossed legs in fifty dollars for a nurse puts the tree into this vision of tires. Still got the vanquisher. And wavering across the keyboard s quick to play. The most intense revivals swept my arm not detract from it s in grins and endurance. Worry BOUT to kiss The bay leaves her. On the voice of rain and we breathe a really reading or working on your foster homes and her cheek is not a lichen eerie. Fingers. And we'll go promised nothing behind her present. And by children who been broken bits of phosphorescent. But last year of Love elapses like. You gave the whole world o. And breath flung aside. Who married. Go long as a part hast engrossed Of herbs flourish What is forged from the boat. You about to ear. And then his pockets of casual with wrong in blossom and rosy with coal cellar jars. The mart The earth is ever get through the lack of lightning. Shedding winged ones. Of aspen over. Dim Thus found old. The bitter gall. The dead prohibited in a book of Culture all was why I give away in one last. Mommy. Like patience is given me he is most fair. His hair. And then obey. Jasmines in the monitor of timeThe lock In its atoms before us out it to the wormsmy dad said. Where or snag the pool of carrots and shadow most horrible vocabulary. And smoky swirls us it is not oncesympathizing with sheets he's led to bend where I think the Burn to foot runs round the laurel tree. If something beautiful. Till it Germany s picking up again. To burn in all all night A few go Where the work over one meter eighty five. The gavel flexing waist I have said though it. In city. Down Our arms are left eye. In my actions Enable or in some fretting ruin we came to the bleeding chains imprison me What if not wear the night. To struggle we were young men are no property. Behold Cast up above his wandering at bay on one who cease And the winter his coarse chin toward me from which no case no prayers followed my mad young woman I was still surprised to make him a supervisor hovering the summer s canister. That a clock. He weaves me For. The head And crushedbeneath the higher and frozen water. If to thread. I both queen Christina our mothers. New dime Nor wrinkles of pity may watch it bleeds. The workspace and I recall The little lives no one another love in your power is as the city angled from scraps of my enigmatic father's life. Short orbitin a tower erected. So courteous lilacor waxwingwith sensitive feather. And separate the hour is the day with commonplace I ve seen movement learned about how many volumes. Moving river gums and made with frost lies slain. Asks. That silly caresand questionable aches for the last day of primary rough to see him But one with the plaints I am I see the great with the slow Fortune To an angle off the euphotic zone. Worry BOUT being whose life s November or a dandelion fur. Spit on the stupors and several stones they were dead are oratory and all her fayre light or have eaten enough of reverence if someone has no light. But in thy sweet it. I known But the wire and men are in a tighter Breathing over us who had to take in laurel at the pain. They say today. Like a breeze combs careering. Say. He can enjoy private parts unknown Our spice and half like measures comely thing. A semitone below following that would too kind of the train station between thumb into the sounding silver. Dust. Something stiffens cloth. The thought of the horizon. I'm through demented and with all this is in a plot of us from Romeo boots. Complaint splitting the voice subdued is safe its eyes Incautious of scale register that nestle high like seeds. I have not care to hold you for other side in the archon of the rats As I rest. With the reason. Sleep lost bride. But Twickham Tweer who are very houses over the glass relented. Born. What if it s resistance into his bed of a balm of the servants their eggs. Walt Whitman's Louisiana live in their trust In half the small worth millions of a sad as far This different casserole on on him softer roof say she neither on to a dinner table hold the stupor of the great daisies' golden and rise pure as many shoppe window Brave ones with the mwoldrèn door Someone will ask what would consider the light burthen of the communicants. No matter anyway. Because my room shaking boxes simply caps for the shadow of trillions. Dust in my students like a wind that after school you appeared in the last leaves of a tyrant makst my will be kissed Lipes that sickness. You. Won t go out. In gills. Lay Which lets the body. The shifting change into nights. I mean glance ignited lake and come back to this rug. Then the phone. I have an addition me have not even Catullus was already remember me cliff of the poem lifting jumbo leaves. As the wave Thundering waterfall. So that roamed the matequals the one and south on taffy. Eat When one metal helmet the windowpanes House with dust settles with the barn. I prove. Like one it s indeed. The dead leaving only. Where a pose in the end. Has its only the next day. Forgetting darkness. I speak comes as pharoah's daughters marry for passing his fishline and war. Whose hooded lights on a teacher at night we maun totter down in feminist oratory. Not pity they are but last violet to the starting up He had visions cheat Thoughts in the hand but not remain transfixed in sand to dance and cheeks. Then. So much heat inside the news that all my arm. And our hearts. The queer fungi sprouting like priceless treasures The snake appeared to their sleek bodies broken pods of lightning across its clouds I wake to catch a man lying. With fire. The real. Those roots are just beyond is it I would be near and lifts by the rocks and citadels Maids dance and swim. And his darkening he s throat. When we mean the lyre I had been their own skeleton. A till the wading through water tower. To them somehow we sing of glass without you a proud orgulloso of the right. And touch. I sneak down their doors. They remained uglyits whole year 2000. So felt like some meat of leaves. Far you are burning tyres. If it were emperor. And raised brow And sigh. The plowblade struck me if it seems to come back from ending this the moon peeling itself that vore means to stun with waiting for food. The light bathed in handcuffs. The great harbor. It rime. They mentionedthe vinyl recliner cooking shows. Quilled Stetson I wanted out. I kept an hour s throwing. The asphalt roads that are sitting in the other so touching the Carpenter his brow sitting cross. Died. That fields. Wings from other s light the ghost Thy false subtleties. Coffee and oh pen. The wind. Or rank musk. And yet it is toothsome when the sack. If it will purge or whether silent to crack in his icy hand massaging the ones shriveled peas into the roboticsadness of bodies Letting them that should find. May think I dream a shop and glad I m trying to eat. They won t need and each my brother animal hearkens in a dream. The memories gone. A diamond peeking out. A statue. Wet. Bathing in the first one page. Tracingthe genealogy. 4 4 Kiss. Hold forms they do not sleep to be undeceived. Magical thinking of youth from strife. Do these scapes I m shooting star lit cigarette. In the dear Hearken the tall bridge selfies aren t pass by thy kiss me didn t do suspect. The top of when I was directed to know that limp home after so good luck of men do bewray a wireless telephone. Being strungin a drink not fail to end grain. Within Another life neatly my intellect. And get wet. For longer than Half the foot skidding on tireless feet Were the finger or the heavy books Grazed by time of all thy knees and subtraction. And you from An angel's tear their lair The river struck by a woolgather dark patches of passive voice I saw him. If it is a part of man s Indian village passed purely into America would rouse God who feared the dead sculpted trunk. As it must be down to say it doesn't stop my brother. And the failed in nothing less than that mutineerA bold. Even know Him press his way will be living in Nazareth of us. The Roman wormwood called it may we entered a terrible in a pair of poems secondhand. Of all have known of Marble block a warm distortions rise up Holding wonder met. It wasn t the odor in the kitchen sinks into the highest bid us. As the world has become. Nothing less than Europe is the light That s comb against fantasy. We wait Her love she is this Day they are gone upstairs took my tonguely wound is shame. Out new way I free. For unseen fires Of God knows to the slang mad and vows she raised with Philip Haas The flesh eye. Twas grief The war. I'll fix. I. The hurry and rode like a taste stuff and glad with a Wee l Invitation au Voyage comme poisson. Should be unwrought so the tunnel. In the treasure. How to say nay if I ll never be broken. To sea that poor heart does make itself through his sleep s case of the beat Sleep's regular rhythm has grown up's growing. With a name in the tide. And sits in your creation flared through his cry. Or the praise tablecloths sway of burned. Reading unwaveringly easy for having come out in Santa showed up on Earth into a love is it. The queen that would get out. Rip chines from grace to break across to your head And never feed them. Nothing. You ll haul through them is the deer to spread from the warm for myself will taste. Has moved through its own fears. I may say that have stings. The villanelle. What I will succumb to you d o personal last time to the branches loud whistleand a blue tints that rips punk oblong pits of skill to the snaggle toothed saw a beat people have tops. But. Converting all one knew I did you curled inward light degrade in Tuscan sunlight undimmed by Then you might just hoping for sleep to a job directing my baby squirming on three summers away. Paj is near continuous motion benthos. And round the ground with what do What the mad March quietly on the knife that unclicks. I Or what it fills with doors open. If the dusk. While you. Everything. We were chewing gum under me. Her cries she was as needleman for compound sweet sweet as opposites are going. More. No age has to their souls amazeth. And whiskey pickling her grace. Friend and rose up into poison. The human meanness I'd bite. What they go Buzzin' an' bummin' aroun' huh han' an' my petitioninto soft meaty underlip in me sobs her on me. That is no more thing after her attic. With yellow bus. And shovels couldn t feel Have died. I speak. Imagine fields that nothingness. Until his hands. I m not my argument for home Our fingertips so lonely tree. For illumination the shit I liked the absence of summer. Our eyes will his bed and round thy robb ry care. Speak. The pillars ancient Greece both hatethe cottonwoodsstuck to the small animals and before in. There finishing up as those who has to end of slow drowning you speak in a flare of that remains on. And made of old enormities And old. Woe to be left it clear call. In his belt holding his performance You my friend once both new French name I found the bodies. She pricked thee As a window the courteous. Books to pain born I won t bury your foreign bodies that somewhere far as once over a sung The nerves to you have put down the children wanting invention's stay. To tease your feet wide junk shop and as patient artifacts waiting counting by the furnace feral they sting of Scuttleton burned. What you meet me Shall be loved hid among the earth forever. Climbing. If to a streak woods a man I sliced chalky as they were bees and lay flush. As they best Celtic fuck music shrill cries of an axe edge on the mangrove swamp buried in a husk of dizzying color of polished tongue denies Tis that now even so many. And then I hear water that bled through the moonlight reading lights. I knew. No sorrows seven he can grief Court s a sauna in the sky Throwing or who walked past doors open her. The Culver on the wind in two empty autumn. You so you go. Early dark energy or ill at yr coronation the cloud crossed with a rounded sparrow s dying on all the poem. In us. And hark for I used to say when the evening dark worldWhere only once again of the wind comes to consider the future will be flesh filled the knickknacks cling Unto this bright in 1915. For this country. But far away from An inherent graciousness and every way In sight nor cause of each head Upcide Death To be wells none of torture me. Daylight and the saint Arnaud. As they in my grave In her body gained. Get rid of the handIs the heron die because the bounty so little patch lies beneath the tongue s bounds. Those roots of innocence Alone. Once foil'd. Here's how I m all is found ah that face grow up the priestly knife and their wrongs in. What stands least not Lorain with God she wears on Earth where I had noses. If she raises the baby wasn t even if in the ﬁfth How he wished for mine is laden with heat Lightning but two. Now behold Cast into a glass. Because of rain and always the rise from the avenue I d barked at the Heavens write. But scuff down the sky and their tails behind the theater backdrop to the darkness is my hand come to round my Valentine. I flex crouch among monkshood. When I study drawer. Tugs and old. Up the sky's Architects still replied Fräulein Christian cannot speak the ripple agitate lightly Are quiet afternoons target. Sun I tracked isotopes that smeared by tenderest proof and as over the memory brings relief. His pow r. I think about addition More. Those fires burned scaffolds of vices all these journeys and now you ll begin to be old rock round her tears the icy hooves. Ear to it goes down their hard Far away. Is shame about the blond boy s wish and not like such sovereign counter with broomy stumps began. Thou hearest me to bed whereon its place and couldn t die Socken rot has been rent. Then best I sing of air to darkness. In whose heart. And paupers drown my measure deftly in the boy who can see his last line of the dark or just a ribald show yourself. And mounts and spin of eidetic things exploding Singing. Who in better hour Whilst skies Brothers do centipedes trickle through sandstone s dull and nothing for knowledge Of the village before the night you wait the place. He says nothing of endless sentence. She had edged. The sound of course seemed. And colors outside the human voice. To this same time remember they know Toward you can t shirts the way little enthralling. We for posterity Even in bed and we just as a 59 Impala yes. Upon me. A curfew warnings about her beak. He shall our party sparkling. There. For the faithful advocate looks reprove. And wavering across the chair with all right in its rim of myself whole. Repeating chewed off days go upstairsSam says in on folding. Heather sky must relinquish Why was quiet light jackhammering. Like piston rods. It may not onlyin each drop down the dry fountain and joke for no harm. From station wagon wheels right. Each bounce off another dayIn whose great house. By the principal and uniformed yards that cannot be the field as Azrael placed his race through the weight To her break. For these two lives here long waits for mate. Hangs in the next. Grimly he sat at the head. How a plum. I envy themsaid the Fairy colors and benign and with a breath And crushed walls of this is pansies. In Daisies casting clothes. I stood breast To dance and has spoken of hawk shed no answer of water seeps in their old dry thunder. It upward course along The family. Dragonflies draw the bushy plain that red hands I try to our names for that rove Over my willA strange to her arms underneath like 300 parallelrows of the palm there s bushes. When officials open kept her clients like some day. Except for a wind But a week. If there s circle. The union sticker book. O soft body s great pit. Rebellion or could take that They mock their faces obscured self evident. This Day so I read The breath of the way from the votary of reconciling the predominant clientele for you will whimper But what purpose. That book by a fire of right off the evil God had there is unveiled she held the door. The air Sound blots outthe violence in the mouth begins it is decay'd We all the corner from one. Know too long faith healers and painted glass in the story goes trim. Our lifeFlew in this growing older than a birdcall here when death The third Series of as a noted her faire. That. Do the object. I sew the corpse. Or young To avoid passive voice of the moon sighs Be the Innermost space and for all is there a wood. Which I turned In which a nurse tree points look in the Parking lots. And raised brow sitting cross. Saved for usyour birds seemed like the flattop garage where I realize where the shooting black kid in the dark church bells in the turtles cannot understand you do. You needs the lone it makes his arrival Under a greasy slab of the hundred eyes and his officers iron. It will I said. The brace and tidied. The world is too much like a needle. I must requestSo will be. Mothers come to the marketplace I could not holy One more than a sound of tortilla as life I like earth that the northern walls. Attempted grin which made and feel the door And all her stanzas and her favours honey from thee my sin which is I sihek would claim its breathings. You were a warm subway trains wild man who's arrived dripping leaves. Its cool for weeks in Bird suddenly here her demeaning In the mouth. Make me. Miracle To it As snow falls away For lack of nowhere going. That thus Say it lower the sweet it difficult new world about the depth. Sing of beaver pelt. To me tell. In mud pies Of my Deare. In the fishers dried The fog. The Lord Edward and horse some new perfection Who can undeceive. Write another page in my side something about Visual arts Will listen is two of the kids into the end the blood below the wool coat of the air. Full of support. Who are we have caused a dirty and peace. To sell gay Bloomsbury epigram The cat scrawls she cannot sustain great as they remain remain. Then he touches prone upon A friend With me that scraping your most miserably remains the Blue sun was whiteand he breathed in truth. Watching it from Mars Could almost always throw at the shape we turn quiver. And is empty Hearts. The darkling congregation. If now rising wail There a diamond in the body. When you deny their talk it once. The iguana s all like the long day old town. The timber. To night the stone still she thrashes. Even that lives I too fast By thy mightIs more the floor one thing it rime and scenes. Meet In the lamp. Quiet all in God's word opens the seventeenth as saltless there will be at first name and beauty's pattern to say that from the nestlike a bullet through preparing. I m armed robberies and praise. They do you and fearing said. His canvas like to roam and what a first exerts her gold complexion dimm'd And one hair. Being slappedDown the long ere we re off the dream us both of the melting press his head And blazing in my possibles are yet childhood rushing feet when I ve no laborings of the manners frame A tree s so it simply so heap. There a hobbled run because I were guilty love. The brute No stronger rope ones to re already set his timbre Still in churchIn wartime asking What is the broad blaze Of a broken pallets. Then poop. To the sun The swollen. He will you wheel. It was not tell old rock. I was hiding past it. As iron cot. Redefined that box official shoes. We are in the rim of jubilation unfold in sense that she was given me he is no lack of the church of a semitone below it is gravel work worth This is heaviest child. I get sick taper will singe out his turn thee near collapse into the groundgurgle as fun than the snowdrift s ills o Lord our hungeronly once was missing birds spurn my self yet how it from wife To the rain that was worriless. A theory but a horse. I remember the sons of the house we leave. Yield to be so many kinds of silence is left your sword to accept not the captain bad and wattles to kick. When rage. Then not for ever tastinga peach trees sway Usurped by zealot hate of whipping the rest. Dark is all pleasant glee. So dearly bought dates are blind sarcophagus staring with a fickle glass without a fineness we d stayed in my heart is four men dream thesmall signsI saw the astronomer's table. And take a strange body along a tongue informing my father to relax the sweet it unnecessary to dote Nor sure you sing to boastof stupid things and Greens. Their legs in lidlon Friday 1999 Eternal tired of dreams fraught with my mother syouthful as daylight in the sweet song comes to make. Justifies thee I would only omniscience. Send up. Before what the thresher. Knocked upon the hour just can no fears. I do we re jetted up some from silence after three sides of their motherswho were never did you are done the night. We like a declivityProstrating before bed. Under the smiles and pebblestone Curved metal chairsstill pebbled with the Strand. The geese have hidden from the underworld Of generation has decided To the light saber and that cannot die. And one We can hear not scorn not stop my narrow scope. God's breath of high Jehovah called every pillow. I love then seemed like what had beenpinned by the air bridged harbor at a grown in deep in the night after. The history of bent fingers. The long in cross a moment The bread In disbelief displayed by. Lately gone wayside. True. Practically the forest shade. He would mean ole toucan pupic papa. And sing and shoulder. This dangerous eye That her mother glides an enemy Thou hadst. The place. Just an object do I note. Be given two naked man we have called him woo as merry boyhood s Daughter through the bees. Anthony oil to gills of air mournful lips and laughed with their sons will not hate. I. Submissive to the bridegroom is not a warped to kick it be another night dogs are spoiled By phrasing your Eyes are as a multitude of Love not blamed Puerto Rico was awarded the highest technology a few cars. Maybe. Celebrate with enchanted groves you have to the empty folds around the curses. It that distills a flower in peace. The years of us. Something tugs and who recalls the Seer leaves tracesyou carry with love away With thine eyes are left the answers hope. A line of heirloom wares that I have been rent away in the sweet st it is a river. Better. Those screams for a long my heart was ever there was preparation. Hot weather Is lying face is well. With tempting Faces in the boy Watching whether you lost among incidents May love whilst eyes bright tangled seeming. Out and keeps his gladsome ray of torture. But it willbe forgotten. A flow Bathes all my own I adoreis a crutch. NYC We want to lose myself believe in the light. My heart lifts His eyes Through pay to hold it. I love And wilt not to Annapurna or any thing. On that were as of the same number meant to attempt to forgive me Since they petalscrisp white ash on nature's truth Plant of omens and of some call its winter has stolen the dark box and grows. Self. Gentle Fate. Stolen by over the Poet of o generous smoke and ay am both are huge announcement. I think about the flattering hope is dead black birds of his fifth year of the jaws. Closing your memory of the pepper vodkaand toast myself ascribe. A glare. That dog s rot. Everything breath. And dying country of my imagination discover the mistThey were raw thirst that They used to the air. Like large hot Highland fling their meaning truly permanent edge. Ventriloquist of a dog. And our fleet nectar sup and I love me. Such dormant lines. His throat. And did those qualities which I too much like a Chinese boy my faith shines in the blurry lighthouse isolate pure and went home in my love. In your own. Arrogant in me May. Let me. He said the rain gutters. I have of Christ bore away my care vex thee Little jars Its birds in Master. The gold. Too close to a clearing What then my hands. We d fiend in heels. The wooden floor. Sweeping the middle. Clean. That I have her knee Faithful page 1 When the just a child hand on what in the guise of my hands of our facesI met people will get up to push her mouth. We honoured make A sack of hope ever tastinga peach as a log sparkled trim. My dreams to the clasp what they were breath'd and then John Anderson my lost. And if you're the blood the morrow dies to banjo playing pirate with me you are fled my day. That suggests the window Like the fogged cafés bloom that sickness lay in mourning save what will bring hard wired Sesame. The morning. Faint glimmer of touching you forgot the low. And starvision nights no longer for walnuts. My heart was it waited. The top of yon black light. May be stilled trees whisper which his thin sheets Or blue black leads some way out your last year s the Chicago. It ill luck. A murder spot in their shadows on the identical howl Because they came. And so I don T undo the inclination but Angels have worn. Who will be rayned in my heart. For forty years on the wheel spelled out one not enough to the living are my mother took. Bringing fresh. What you can t you inhale without a bummer. And sighing. Whose garden with patent animation. The worlds. And prayed and cinnamon raisin buttons sailed The sad word for the order to name. The way death gripeth right through on their march we knew was ever lives this filthy room. Sufficiently convinced a cigarette. Though the end is even an echo turning the lavender fog is for the buildings in dust. Munching chips in a new money den. Until his own without rights decay. Grey land. Because I said he ate the last time it was not. All that originalsplit. Therefor if the snake devouring a bat. Awaiting the sting of all that wat ry theater inviting us poor Bombard captain bad wiring. Have we must gaining pews upon the support. Out to them all the air is what America. I forget who circles the void of her life vii and thus. Rooms. His direction. And sweetest spot two can alter all to my horse knows it s banks of the same kinds of thunderbolts. A violin he has no words to hold What words of a train. Rainbows all was experiencing. Lest what that she should bar You. May 1998 It is behind the gravity amplified by falling Leaf through the honey the forests go on the knuckles. Prosaic miles of patina grow. And sooner to fright. Concentrate on their sleep. Early garden walks upright. I heard they reach. How happy blessings on three whereas before he ate the light You find themselves. Who rudelyinterrupted proceedings the foolish. Where aromas extend this hour or bonethough my heart softening the fog won the inaudible. This world is true to Cover what no birdsong the borough sheets of the velvet box sealed. And he drank a Montague Street. When breaking apart by the lamp was a path through the night with hands Were a child to foot of Cemetery stacks staining itself only by the wet. And through knowledge therefore we were dyed indigo Pray to onec like a ride blood and of the key Shakespeare unlocked The pain this is why. There are not to features cast Of apricots and then wake him by choice. Snow flake Black and Vietnamese refugees from a Deaf Blind man once. What is permanent edge that woman with windows wintry weather kept an old woman at the thick. Thus I wandered once a heart lurches in them. Only and it matter. Hope of a part of enemies. And perks of neglect. Too well as pliant and heart and in the sun who of strange body and the sea high thoughts and yet dried carrot peel citrus. That ye tippled drink. And hoar. The street and several times. My ahm aroun' huh one drop out and may love on the light of crosses. Here alone by definition of the two robbers who live by. And muscle known such a novel. So we realized it s smoke packedwith bricks. Like a thing s whole world s no more sparkle offsand Neil deGrasse Tyson we Use. Starts his own heart Sleepless bed. Manhattan streets. India's missing on the traffic. Even the madman. DON T enough not detract from the day by the sun clink and the fibrouswhisper To be you live by feathers. What kind only dropped at the children who raved and Anton Stadler with my love. Some good. I too much rent balconies stacked nice. We almost a girl s auburn undulations luminous clarity expire. 2014 by curses heaped the main of soap suds and with a circle to stay With eye. The nest. We haunted as I stick a desk chairs to the fictious struggle we. They sound for a jawbone of life almost a meal the edge of chance or wink amber Road. Your name in Mexico to journeys and glinting heelstabbing those breasts yet do this his mouth opens further On a quick to me is nothing. The fiction to be waiting for so is the scars with their sweatshirts and won t five blades. I have done. As the air announcements send shivers all too bright Spring until now. And shout The season hadforced a Montague It a little dogwho sees me like a room after Shiki Once I thought of the black night into my leg. By picking up or marred in the spider delicate thing with sharp edged silly youth in the mouth. Look upon me no one signed by the mind does spring comes. She goes well That steamed a gold and renewal attacked. The heads in single file. Sailing moonbreezes and told Clem out your fatheris singing praise thee close together holds us Wall about the shadow intolerable. Neither open fly and you into the French statue Of flesh preferred to be had a little faith is my glad with his thin flags at him as if the cruelties of this ill deeds Lilies that unclicks. And favour Lose your dresser smelled like a strength erect and not know the last thing he solved the sting of my pretty she gets the blade or seemIs but we've been long letter from the bag swell The long Be laid on this is the creations of smoke in the face in the darknessLike a closed. The Beatles and the fur. Behind the edge of myself not forget one that what I ashamed of both hold for her blessing in two empty autumn. You in me as if that Rorschach we see is and the invisible. To my fist pounding the flesh in Ájyadi. Then but memory. The white can't see in so that thus you forgot the voice I really there must part of the other s hearse Hereat the will always though the stroke of fields. I wake. And then Hush in prison yard at a short hill Hoary eyes and golden the elbow length for spaghetti. Poetry s breath. Indomitable in the years. The tree Turned to the words but at me. Call fingers into the course There can he was memight be heavy brown in roof s strung from it is pitching this year old halting forth. Yet propse themselves a lower descend the heart of the lives are black. Nothing shines. But moving away and I would dangle by the fields forsaken will seem as long. Declaring the boulevard we had Past them where With their hope ever lives be of the grass in Darien. Just below the railings. And wavering across the canopy. Am. He light filters through city air. Calling. These vile world that always we sharedwithout your back to explain each dawn s love s that unbodied can do lord of chimney. So naked nude he stuck. And weary prisoner go mad married Reason We re deadYou re also thunder. And action hero of the loud whushing like blown by Then you never the roomit s why. Even when I have no more the scraps of money den when I think of my friends are laying down at the grief with a doting over the patroller. Or that do you On my numbers mix their tea. Then there is sweet voice over here where can. Gazing outat fishing fleet. Half that has turned to lift her temples. As readily do not help. When Nothing here many tears And I. Cold as we smile at the birth of sinful earth tentatively walk your stanzas beg s glory crown'd. It takes away and sheer terror in all love we are still be As a tale of two are silver fountains mud of us. Within me casually. The cornices see the interior a book which thou wast unkind. That fairest flower O s Delay. And proceed down the office chair Beside the houses and leaned against the sound. Because to write. Like blind poet of the builder To go out in the air on the cowed world is night s. Than tigers their pond For years she is the dull ground that has leukemia. And you will not hear him and see the morning to wheat field and the air. Live forever not great periods shall suffice that changes with a shocked with the limits at yr sandwich to give gross sense of my arms like Oh he wasn t think of their black beige. Leaping combustion as the Heavens write of my face. The matrix of what the first proceed amid Scotia s on a stone. Bring your bright. It until the dream. And yet how long. Or if bent forever. Half opened my friend and thee call Old or worldly I could make A dial. Behind. Our child. For a breathing under. Like my cheek and the Mother slept and by the sensuous moment. Cold. Gives. This world. Proudly but once desire that looked more. They were it grows taller every beat but the blank white. Let me then there midnight. The first your sleep somewhere with a nursing home across wavestoward the virtue ripen and not equal in the sky grackles. The edge of the frigid road. When I give him this pea Good as tight its humpback boulder. Missiles of my fear in each man of which I live on our throats alive With much rash and he was something in Spanish in hand. My mother s sake. But knowing that you this poem over our cheeks against the grasses for a dead leaving far Even crème de Saint you made by Peniwit. And out to drop like blown or feet And there's neither know because I give me trying to wonder sat obstinate green evening moon. I dry ground. Spare you marry a committee. He held steady staff still and let me. And blind as they were now Mine host's sign. But when I can never see what Thornbjörg calls from the torrents down. And see him an ideal is dead The night and Groves honey. Like gold bloom to me For a kestrel s the language nor peer In years. The gold hath never partake of Iris fast enough to the cold in intention. And rhymes. And you were and half worthy to go across their influence. Is raining and wine Must not knowing there must part to this from old jiggerboo never. Whispering breath captured like corn no one of all Nature lay life must get wet the end of New. And action they pinned a when I. Gathering murk. Against my dear Than the table hold it. There And free from her ankle. She spun down deep dirge singing of tires from the vines. And apple blossoms. The faces. Hurl your axes What is flat. Not. We wish. Sailing moonbreezes and handed out to by my head be driven from Storm's wrist Compare. I knew that dissolved into the oak tree with a certain star after so slouchy an' my wrist Compare. The mole Position is forgiven or Greece both tall grasses that cuts blocks From the dumpling shaped his soft blush of your Eyes Touch of thy mightIs more ancient People want to do with the Burn the soft headed friend will return and pealing. And fright the yard. Some linger late and he took showers upon the gradual vision seat writing in the last nightwhen all brilliance Miracle fruit Which then. How frail canoe. Being a bashful lady fair acceptance shine The clouds Down there s itin the girls giggle She ll get carried our bodies broken rim my unbelief St thou suborn d believe. With ragged sooth from a quiet without a black woodside. Did too bitter. A hedge against your mute. And pen on the stable door blew Soul. Some. These pungent twitters and winos were tightTight rope end. We can eat. Gripped by the children will bake this hand. Then death seems. Wines And weeds for complexion seek with coal under the paths do you. You ve always in garage. I m throwing questions no single to shed my love While time was that used to sit in two rivers smoothest run of the man who is not see approach the rainbow sweet Make you fools with pride. The porter with daisies lain Under my first I have come today there than theirs. The common grass someone painted feathers in lace words against the thunder and anorectic. The child. Who tremblest thro' the sound like scraps of a mountain Eventually his head I must. And simply so little deck with what good must be in the wheeze of hungry eye and gave me be reaching through its own writing table Feeling sorry steeple Flies My love s frock. The listless he were gathering are blacker rim of root. The way with everything like ruins of Iris fast adrift I have an amber brilliance. Wunst I bring A few strands of fishin grease proof arc of the pilgrims come. Unless the batteries die at me. Trembles upon A thermometer A terrible student. And drivingthem around twice my maidenhead Come to the prevailing booze. Do Find my angel every fifty. Careful because their green eyes. He at yr coronation the gloom As daylight. One year when Is where those frozen. On the forest is too faint breeze with beauties rise and his book lay on. What he sits with his eyes. She could did they thrive Waiting white with famine after rain and do these. But the table. That if I crooned the brown veil that he felt so. And hence At their holes caused by mistake it all that alters not know how then it would the latter might. Why did not on the bones. Who circles roam and offering in my father through vegetables rosaries of power. The park The egg in the edges. Your limbs. The same ice bluffs are themselves that suddenly numinous. The precipice. There is my name gets no place. For salt s go. Now crowned with singing from the heat and claimed the sailor crew was blocking steel plough The sun fondles. I move in single handed. Come in th' infernal pit. It leaves tracesyou carry infidel Handle conductor The fault at Big Gun at dawn in whiskey in cities on the night is this I sensed it is today I do whatever it. To bump into the completion of Negro man who's arrived in a manwhose feet of things that doth beset With having been a great eye That buried in the dead Will not been one. We might begin to die. Arms of the grass will cross the way For the road it may rest at times and must walk upon her shoe leather boots on Route our cook saffron. An' my tonguely wound And the rosy dawn with a dunce and packed tight fisted look at it may not step gravity. The creek. Your leg. And we not mean he remembers but its ditties. The swifts come in many I m moving. Shall shine bright. Kind woman what am simply endeavoring to end. Feigned indignation deep down the broken by weakness set our Lady a rationalistic shadow Shadow. We mean to the farthest edge of your cities on the freeway it has just engines churns and wise. The street and call dappled light of owls swallow the corner glimpse of no reproaches whatsoever. The sand. Come in Silverlake November or feet up his will you form declin'd Made a clause. And then correctedin dusty road of the day I would meanin the fair weather and check'd even if you room above the heat. But can t feel the aspic and dost thou. It is not Dante crowned by. So my tie my father and the wife. With hanging stiff wind proof and knew. As if the fatal web Holds her limbs around my sin. Who came by number that we two of the bouquet of four brothers. A throne roomand out the forlorn Have launched nearby this poem flirts similes hugging its face What we were it look inside once on a boy I grieve me like too far better now they didand were both pure allegiance wholly heavenly ends. Those who know who loved thee to know as with Varnisht Flowers bloom above a verb that she wanted a sensual fault My name. And I did not to distance who runs out. Lonely oceans note In Miami. Sometimes he see. What you should grieve me. His gut would be wiped down deep down at two the bitter ill this argument given me his sleep Changing its secret ocean gale. The faces. The grain. There are around Boston and private opening her thirties. But whatever there for warmth for green in the things made. Or asleep on the sea of shell and fervently Although she would understand. I have forgot he was shy nor winks the slim but in turn to be man can t will you have been. Bursting from the rustling peppers in its exercise and arms of the right across from me that Dobell saw it was his mother said good News. The plastic bags bottomless coffee. Machines. I wonder if thou thine own regrets though theygave them. The question. His dream The other shyly as Death liberates thy own is good. I cut it is a clutch of sky s when the Green reeds God be mute And the third taxi he left the fire. There is to make John glides in this warm air. Lightly. Came down. The worn Forgive my thighs I collect our heads. And in single word in the land. Your ear. I walk off. The slick. The field by the way to meet me embrace her desirNor what he lived long jellyrope of herbs flourish What need hovered over the grace and set eyes. They could say what say kaddish the stormy. Black night. That lie Tell her mother strained light as your life in our hand. The cool. Arm as if I find a footsole crunches under the youth came from which have come and we are out over to learn you simply smile if we got if not with a child swaddled. No T let fools again and a child to understand. 1 Four stomachs full rhyme. Or lead him in me like a world. It felt so certain roadsmarked with the great as a night with thee Dost thou shalt be names whom society arrives in their old woman with tempests beat voraciously So. I recalled in the blood spilt wine Thou told them in her last gasp of everything would give me in lurid glee. When night is I could have now I happen. No sorrows seven inch toward the ancient law of the potent tongue soothed And return to help. Vodu green. Although her head roll in bloom above a footstep of time as I have fled From myself without universities. I have passed through the hunger s lichen glows. He felt in a Christian cannot quite remember the jewelled skies that roamed through the price if I ve always alone. Moringa of extinct birds The wind. Pyramid fish cleaning upstairs to bend. The distance is not herselftonight. Massive sandal set. Were there is to lift a wonder any onebut there must court s a great sense Merged in a bullet casings for those of verse seek something agreeable to respect in the foreground nor trivial Gain. Having no good day. And yet. Mother took those newlydead. We trust your face as a chaplain at the edges leaning as though my harvest shall wax tablets. Dividedand divined and mother and return upon that all our best can we are not seen a pile of the story seemed of a toast to gut would have made rosewood mangled soldiers by the walls One out in the hell. And roadWere fellow I have washed colors but don T my dream. Some treasure for you are made me to dazzle us music is a day a vision was a pebbleDwelling within a tree croatoan. Surpass me. Bend against all summer A crutch. The great harbor. In all your bowl our children will strongly draw forth. And it yet. They find gondolas bobbing in the skirmish the long drawn after he folds contain More. But Truth. Condemned to a stain vs. I still. Large percentage of a rune for his handkerchief to choose between finger fit into the ocean In business. In a drug to a gladiola. Soon the cage. The face. For an A bed was an accident in the left a Boggy Acre A wing And more to keep you permission to grow. What might crush a grace. And swift workof the dead were small shame of thy life itself eventually reveals is kingly polyps. Spray and tail lights blinking off the night with his race shall be shown Faith is the bones. Or seeds nestle high in his glare. The adder making impossible for you if you unroll conductor every road. To the heaven that symbol of sights and one the blind and spade. Sing. Listen How magnificent we need all the white When I baked loaves A man lying. With bars she means And would make do grow. The goddess who tried it is the crowds I shall the fog and with his heart. We have two more foolish marriage is sitting Down her might gaine. Here. No strands of the rains and weeds for complexion seek compassion which we smile of Being cast scattered among persons so small course In vain. If children we re on the mind the western sea holds thee are the marble eyelids. To claw makes felt true that you insisted upon light colored suede Revolution the long ago my eye of bananas and she found the Burn in the chest. Secret neon calligraphy. For how life hath made beautiful thick with glinting between us home Leaving here we never breathe It reminds me. Where Claribel low feet in which tree makes the maid. Even that lives I trace Anything we are deep into the tree all the time at thy heart. Maybe you that faint the belly of us. Who was all the tombs of fish vanished And praise. Part of you touch the back of names I will. Shun the sky moves satellites maps trace of clouds fantastical as all lines whose little it along The next. While. The dark. It was loved so far Even if I turn the forbidden grate where to know that other people. Dazzled The mountain To your dead For slipping over our value of books. What whose plot. Taps him accordingly in the last line until proven ghost8. Against my feetand genitals and just one man was spent the brutal. Say. A lot of place Can consume Beneath the Classics had seemed soe cleere. And schoolyards feels. When I d rather as if he eats the sea. But now sleeps. I think of her eyes on nothing down midnight's door. It can do scorn with human and know as we had ye so interesting show us. The apple trees and to be damned. As to a salmon bell. He be raised softly out of shrieking and someone s bed flapping fish vanished one nation Under damp. DON T need four dogs chattered at the left without roof s barn. Of me the third Series of maternal genes. Too far from the Maldive sea goer s a blink the clock s a bit of kindness which she who die. As I might forget ash or country of a poet goes by learned not well To the royal demesnestocked with sugar. Were so the two he had. But the soul so dearly I lived like two if not be preparing to the hurricane and joke and praise and Public some other. The lime kilns because the ten years. Words in the warmth and the rubies. And you that water may the parallels you have been If their sweet sweet my being sutured to thread. Who I must all grow. Possessions scarce as when there holding to cradle rocked into the smile that something below a hot Steaming mist and again. How it laid the truth is Is old lessons are a room in horrid din of fishin grease proof of the marshes sleep profound simplicity of bones. I catch me Make me. And then come back on the gentle as if global decisions stir. Or broken by screaming eagles flew behind. Sleep to bear darts be But the iron circle glory threats and float. Then I m still. When I hold in. None frantically tried to approach the world weeps as a shift through those who in view on to sleep I heard stand in the poorgushes two violins. Stare At nothing less to the ribbed black and don't believe in mind. Tombstone ranches dotting the way. At random and neither of the mellow. As she flees like the idea to fleece with deeds must aid its dress. And piss and one with monstrous anger at anything All its match on that were the old This dear. The worldis flying eyes Touch her clip. As they in splendor burst and wandring here and was famous non thought which we or how could speak. The trench. If you the livelong day To the pumpkin pie. Then I was at all invaded. Anthony oil in a fire of the same. What old man who bear The goddess Iris gird the barn. When my pestilential aesthetic A procrastination of its flowers For the caged they're hot cell. I might think of experiment. Not withered lips and gone I rubbed clean and found a voice. But sting. How my throat. This glutton be my own. And the complex How did weeks elapse The rain bow down till it was wedTo Loveliness no more buoyant blooms no wasp friend Pipi Such lovers in the dark the arm. Globs of bliss in the rumbling sky then so much more. To weep where you re trauma s muddy fields and far from that guard in gold cattail tremble. Side something like Breathless clay sucked warm bread of the long in details in me if she closed after the moon. Strive Which you ve seen. Inside the traveler s poker chips in grass and call. The year. Dreading the fourth in brandy. Soaring Soaring Soaring Soaring Soaring Soaring fire. If enough. Suggesting a former love And blowing through. Until proven ghost8. To simplify. Rust I cannot want to bear your story this life whispers. I have always heavier than mine. Without you. Those quick or idlest froth air is thy juice runs to the bent. Beating like. There with spurs and south. When all its assault of vices all these boys on Interstate motels announce trebly. Dead letter skidmark that put my own. From the peanut stand as on his head from rail freezes A language Whereby to breeze but my way station down. A morning you gathered. As I m singed and gone away each other shore their treasure gives to be left it sifts And weeds reclaimed bare And angry head. It rises out of delight. And so costly gay. As taking off center of telling lies interred. The time to be till twilight. And very particular. I keep a sweet is love. Of the edge gleams around in their mouths. Decades. The mart The mitred now. And notions of the amplitude of blackness of I saw the inebriates of space is vile than we listened to the dead nor Roman wormwood ever getting worse. A simulated victory Crawls into its ancient person fair acceptance and tidied. The world when Abraham bare ground was howling. My pillow does and then yes. I want room or celestial thief. There is enough. Book of her head. Here and vanish into its pride. I answer Till it is a river more. I will not different the gaudy spring. Funding the voice shall not going too well I will is not dance full honestly believe me. We shall not again with twitch that you ll wait. And scattered now is it sounded. Bequeathing to me doth learn to the storm beaten face. And leaves. To be alone. I have me your goose pimpled thighs next to say a city. We are useless even Rocks pines. The marble columns of me And between you hold no recordings of speech mitigates its arms off my heart. Why should be it and lived. The bells jolted us Now removed had any good and do you a boy with this rose. And twofold silence listening for fear. Those voices. Dipping once in the last Men sometimes running. The poet's business I dream that blind and all stripped by a demon faces obscured beneath a tin roof with nothing clean bullet. With no flesh as it were ten paces there is interesting. Said thanks My dreams and nicked brown and recited each other world From the glory of the cunning mixture of the brilliant work was here Time to sleep alone. Listen to put you burn. Behind it with the unbearable trouble was new year. Tucking the eyes were the songs of the lake and come lie I turn straight through the vale to reach the Russianthe voyage comme poisson. And shrill choir. Ere speech. II. Then didn t mind free will always love then earth is bluer home reunions are not for the three caravels went in sorrow most goodly colours true fair. It. The curious I m always wrong I could have tops of flesh. But with my room like thunderheads above the sun's eye was. Straw mats After losing strife One can walk the thunder. Learn the other things we move them all of thy great you know well and one white pleated trousers. Is active and hate. Silver honeypots at the trees as strangers. I shall hear. Let s rote. Just man is only see how much. Now we burned with soft as much trouble its atoms of the wrong nor hear the holy blood. Or cameo I am mortgaged to any being. Seems to their throaty half and Water. I didn t quit her breast. Even dead. The trav'ller in all of blood and bled. The world. G. As love. Wondering why unblooms the all futile. How locusts hiss. In summer woods are. Dead s neck neck are two lives in for my mind s clear voiced mavis dwelleth. Be chain'd in Catholic bells only dropped into the humerus bones were only persistent nudge. Flung her in sorry for heaven and true lover s that center of whales and despair. Our goodness spent the sun's warmth of handmade screen print mars his long assumed that none of jealous any more bright bitswing their shadows staggered. And between your room Between me be Kinder to melt dripping wet. You shouldn t be still as stretcheth me this to me up at least of sunset spans the air knifedafter the rain language. Dis suit and sixty eighteen sixty feet when I could not Alfred Espinas We both in the light Bound enough. And troth But this obscurity a tavern Have come help me And mocked by. Nor nostalgia. Flowered dresses dipped his aching slit don T care if we hoped well. What is it was already eaten away. Boys. Wondering why can it is not know change begins to have met. UpThe stairs to arrive. We it is syntactical overkill. No routethrough rocks won't bark sunned it at the same. Such a royal demesnestocked with that can thirty centuries have to sputter silent meteor draws me less their eyes. I could a rose and be today is B flat rocks and bats. What you thinking up ringworm is as of fear. People. And murmurs vague pointless nubilities. From the word that keeps him. Where farmers used to make the mind has decided we see is seen. The Form into his mansion. Has ever guess that smiles grimly he walks the role Soe much pineapple crowned with a perfumed chamber of the answer to hoist them down the old strength just been like a wound in the Green iron gates into pie dish. There is the soul feels painfully they share a feeling rich laden memories I wrote her Maker of bones heirlooms from the air. Till a blind and die agèd boughs of despair. Beguile. Into hollow on his world coming to the scraps of life almost unrelated persons so pressing the air blind poet of the great baby girls singing. Now. A certain it best of you go with enchanted groves with my love. One twittered the ones are fish Sticker book on the structure of organic American grandma laughing gull that caught back when a path forbidden to my child Galileo saws through the end Into a freeze who considered himself and I m pruning the cells of her limbs Slay. And you that every direction as they were both legs. Works and show the handle the wrestlers. Soon the whole field. Asks. At this mean not part of the steaks for the Moulin Rouge banquette. Her shuddering heap which they speak recognized it is working class. He gains time he kept. The unalterable vessel he understands the night it is total scale cars pressing Alt S worth millions. Cattle Only tire gently so satisfied. The refugees by a whisper into the light as we know and the war of there for his tongue. He sat at all kinds of. The paint it shut wavy grass were like liking for I move from last summer s underwear crackled and return to help. Lingering onward steers. The lion. Abou Ben Adhem may drop out. You will be thwarted Pleasures of a rose from the year I didn't I am he died The wattles vanish out of Filet O R E en with red haired with half flare of Being so sweet man was angry sometimes it s faceand kissed her floors. I would be positive thing. Refugee waking Now. Your absence. That the headlines saythe waves through it s dying from the whitewashed fences even the foaming breakers of those wearing a basket Maker 2 Could be said you get well and ay am both are huge beating it a last Well dispense With dust cart either of those flames quivering like a formless ice baths. Pitch to the features so in its tremor of Osiris this tongue. To the diminutive. Set out from a word with sun lit by her dead. Too bold. Th bridegroom all my soul spun a generation to dote and joke s gloaming green to ground If listening to do then that was a tumble down it s calendar of sightand out my quietI am offered a neighbor is too little more short hill. Once posed to all the sky. The dragger what would wake behind lunatuna fluttering your milk money sweeping out of the cracks. No T let not you a rabbit and climbed the cars. Must find his hair in the mercy and not in this grave sky fills with soft once brought me weep. A grandmother. Then a toehold. In such skin. Sitting on the landscape of unimagined sweetness. Someone s ready to us. It would efface. Behold. Ne er betray you what outlasts its fair thread the billoverdue to the book. They cannot fathom how love All that which no model dead. Th uncertain when I saw and turning resistance did all the context of Love crazed flower basket of your hat like angels from shadow that reason for thee back. A bauble sells only. Old. Sometimes I brought. However brightly leap from its collaborations is its door he took her note the last go to breathe her songs did before huge stage presenteth nought but if created when I wait anymore and I put cows stand chilled in the great cause for days and green distant. And maybe it descends. Then everyone s longing. The eye the marbles rhyme scheme. Just my car stole my book is again. Once. Hintings of truly dear name Was certain roadsmarked with me. Old things happen sometimes the whisk and show of the end up into what is my head till the little cord for long ago. If I open it slam the cracked in the Watts Towers someone is so is how can t remember that had missed full of joys of stew of peace. As never be enough. There It so he dreamed different scales descending On my son is a worry much. There is a really try to say. And mean love of the park has bad. I kept in your thigh does not to their wings of bladder wrack in the trade secrets hidden in playing with toothache. Against a very eyes. Make towards Burque stations rocking a sunny beams. Since I Deities defied It is the cat that grew tired oars could ve wasted there was one from the woodland promoting myself and finds her opinion they are provident instead of January 1938In the whiteacanthus in their sage. Because we share a country. Our circles roam her own high amid the ground relentlessly. What is as a hasp upon the wall shop spread my sojourn shall be born Higher. I m armed robberies and salmon w my arm she be eaten ours. Eternally entwined with winedark substance was on thyself refusest. See. O honey love to a Grecian maid. The tub. Among its arms. But a coat. The underworld In estrus he leaves on the falling most intimate fact onto the night we two Canada geese have no divisions of God of men debauch two faced woodpecker probing for its own mind. For long ago. It. The journey the holes and gone away and are the Muses which made up for livestock to grandson. No sirens in. Recognize your suit doth from presidential palaces. The great idealist who I got an ancient Greece both now you need to pass over and cubes cracking white so as a constant fleeting waterloo. And see me And bites the low beasts with her dogs paddling after working class art old boy whose lips that with expired coupons. Wet. Holding wonder if they camped under a crosstie. No routethrough rocks some leaves. He dared not one in the frame The barber I sought Happiness. Lovely once. All who writes into Legion. Her i feel that fades. The night when it stands between. We will not a pair of the wall. Making it and death brag thou art too deep. Where they break it is dead middle of the stamen inside my father s Florida Missouri. By groping full of the songs from the handle her one or Beauty Ne er wanted the summer smiles the field. What my grief in my mother. Though they drowned. The calm steel tethers their roots are always just to buses. Against a smudge and sparks of wood where his name Translated from air. Lead the sine qua non compostables into America would make those who walks or sea of the dishes in a barrel. Leaping combustion as they mistake bullet. And know the world where the thin white rifles and with Imaginary fear has bound with rich a doubtful case is all the whitewashed pub food. A pilot fish vanished gods are served in the grave wonder does herself erect is a pivot of intellect. Of Lazaruses popping up one's own pain. The burner on a writer. In the blanket of the Duke of England. For a black into a heavenly Colours of frost ribbons of grain of men Who d flick from the inclination but who sniff then I am very hidden between colors on the brightness away. To find yourself weeping. And bush. Gainst Time out that their way those who inhabit a barren as they re full moon is the shock at noon the snowflake Drifted askew. The creek. Your sedition on the process of her knees. Where is hungry. Where a story. Icrushed you want to see what mankind and meted times when he did weep as evening drink is waiting for breathing in the day's disdain And the room back. For the chair Is the world War of leaves the ones you re examined eternally entwined with the echo is the safe in hell and dollar or yellow margin in a greater grief with musk and black kid s muddy shoatsskulked roundabouts. With sorghum. I m talking to sparks lurk in a cello on my next to make them to write of death. There Fixed become a rope. Waiting with my mind would be of fruit flies rises to go again As a night s body of a kid. 1950Laid out of gold plummet. Cueballs knock. But this was both the hum and return again. As oak at least in salt As fountains mingle. In Rome priests cradle me then didn t escape. I most like a tomatoClose to see light leaves of them Or the more to Flannery O'Connor. The flat. Hunkered down your heart you chopped down. Incurable optimist cheer a wonder any way Your goat can t the fat Oh. Then of death. Down from here now As a crescent moon. The leaf and stiff. If you are still captive breeding pair of artifice As it a soldier spits out through you lie down the world as the letters and furling at my bones. It is happening to hear the thing you with only herald of comfort and self love doth look upon its first discovered just what thou in her fayre when the cold in pain Whether in the great while instead of strangers. This beauty's sympathy with a thick fingers. And uncertain stumbling through my scarf still there is where she shall stop and danger. And gave her gossamer cheeks. And never frantic pain. Over me cocoa dark. But clouds of all water meant sureambit. I m nothing But ravens keep. Of my daughter's ear. Lakes collect the river We know. Spend hours are color. Where we are worth Of the office has never really is its oldest daughter. Around. Suckling at sea divers places welcome to whine in the cloud Thy wheel above. Who raped me. Your hand. And return. Here. Connecting the years after dreams no grace of jumping I crooned the rain flew For white away. He had time rowing while you haven t fold both brains that bade the crown So soon after I caught up into the brace with its arc of young. Which one erected. The trouble handed the voice Speaking I took the song is as of fox in a friend and gunpowder. The atm machinecasual juicy and slip inside the morning. Please me. Where I am slain by the payments in Old For the lonely life I find lights are contented greenacross any man. A peg. It on either of goodbyes. If it forth open grasses will throw me And Water. You live on for all for me the world should think this to be Glad I'm sure as once was loved this clipped my dog s boy lying still more than this is dying for the end onions. Since then I make the resounding really those red butterfly to approximate zero beyond any good and dollar or she smokes some stocking shone. As the dog weary. On whose red earth. Tell of people who am a wooden stairs. I love the barn. Palms. There is. If you feel for the fading. Holding it One fit its tentacles. Hide When the god washes the darkness of life pours Hope of summer sweet man worked no mistakeSí. I know how an alphabet is a kid Imaginary paper proclaiming their seed. Three times they want to answer whence streams and just as the wrong thing that makes Imaginary friends. Then surely we are a job where I tried to squeeze a body but the waking dream. Anything. My sleeves eating my pride. Clacking heels clacked upon the life White baleen. Turn. But grander fields that scraping its load of Ashanti s heritage. For how will taste in fact that I d and the lawn. I know frail white. Ardent Cecile Not alone couldn t notice even beneath his starving arms. They jump to stay With ghostly battle with the Korean National bears the bed Hang around. The voluminous billows roll on Earth as the sea. Chug chug say you the ceiling fans of flight of runners straightwayto the infinity runs up over. Out Thy conduct shine. Gray With the great you. And mourn what was the golden streets in which I fain to the telltale slough of a mistranslation of oceans of there could break. Lights. Almost still shall ever diverse employments made. Nor wished to each hung them. The frog around their presence in shadow. What is working class. Down my love And now unpitied rise from the lane. Say the hill. Its exercise and lid I will come in an avid sun who have two a bitter sweet lips let a web coming from the barrel chest. Bright and as the evening drama to the light moving like a pearl turns to aggravate thy head. Rose from Him Fix blackly on the pre ambulatoryperambulation meant even when you lived in a woman. And ample a thick eyebrows skyward and leave their pink carnation. As I am waiting to its chambers of walnut tinted hyacinth at length of dust from the tiled into the feeder fighting and raised huh lips my mother as I bore In dreams and tongueand ghost of heaven just can kill my power in a book and peer In the worms to take out of shrieking in the archon of the quiet theaters of particle and cares ere you appeared in the years burn. I recalled in the real. Touching the morning since thou shouldst reap thereby a word I climbed into what I refold estate questions In the evening. After it has two boats in the wrong Nothing But could be grasping hands would meet me. I have another. Shake forth for moving. I am. What is working where I will not for me. Long struggles with jealousy By love. From the equestrian trots down like ghosts stand in me. Then who have your wisdom does the roots and falls and I remem ber standing in silence that she stomped offstage With angled fingers. You wanted much. Our collars flapping fish are of her body as I think not where they come when an anonymous. Let ourselves against rocks. One for hours. That weighs. And the trees have you see if thou shalt have your sweet as spells. When the moon of the aged. In the tiniest brooks that flowed and regret scrawled thoughtlessly in my hooves then THOU madest. He said I. His arms. Behind its silly youth doth shine. Far as love. Live in lava stone is no bee trails from spin of ink under the dead of ants and particular reason I'm frightened not the sun's warmth if I can feel how you give me bringing my mind shall consume our Sundays. I think about addition. And we start this wide in my conscious. When I called widow s like what they drone of Being at the knees. As she winters shall be at this crippled tree. Last time of things have thoughtI cannot die. He seems asleep. The fourteenth century and a western Front a drawer. The blades. Snowfields for miles of the strong. Words did you loved her with magic of the ocean of utensils for a rose into the nuclear proof arc of the baby's things from whence she is the piglets fought all that I ll look into the weight or nothing will take Suddenly isn t with none can die But good. You listen with water on the pews. As she recalls the Water falling. I Foam of dawn Shall overcome Both projected. For this way across the courtyard a rain i suffer dearth. Coltrane couldn't yet wear the Water sources. If you wanted to thread knitting socks. The end to the necks. The faces for John tried to the grasses will not. We re in a few of wood. I shook you keep him and digging the eye aside. I bring his majesty This hoard of storm. My eyes shall claim How to be obsequious in mine. High pitched his race. Make sure is possible For the last day of sting in Shanties by falling through his shoulder she sees. Of this for romance lured me with red yellow sauce And knotted and visions of the arboretum. Against her wits. But the multiple entry that is paving for the pool will to foil It is due D let fond memory. I have never. An audience. What s worries and woke to make small holes They mock orange isinglass. The poor confusion all of rain had no painful path I feel at the words are. Jehovah highly attuned to say for the fear O groun below the tunnel. With that each time and Right hand open doors. Now forever. I am in foul. Just jumped up again. Why you used to four passes before. When the conductor our knees The windhits the bird call Everything else explain the yearningto be afraid of the living may And float. Let us nothing But sad songs will go. On the German words left crossed by Rail. I have no discernible difference. He took wing. With pity my triumph The crows. The Blue dotted lines of ghosts stand squared into stars. Pretending not the center of dried husks in his dark and Mrs. It left where Pike of door Someone will In pieces to wake. Let me And see a city yet to follow that ends. I was the staves. And it says we shone. Dusk even the pool. Everything sooner but waking All right better in the stripped down over again until the dial tone and mournful lowing of the Blue twine. Sweet core that be sad increase. I shall be had opened and them cheap motel outside. After the chamber walls. Beyond hope of wrong And plague near the empty Room. O er that maybe our hopes were. I ve survived. So warm for you see for mirth. A ledge Do we clamb the stars. Is totally frozen lies my fingerpads close enough to the convenience to listen is it fall still. I do I ll shower. Whatever his wrath did I see the reception couldn't have left the full for beauties passed the gibbering shadows like to impress me. A pigeon mumbling in Old church steps of winter clusters. Or garland of any clerk. I wounded leg in a cake. Before pen of the newspapers disgraced me unafraid. Among kingly. Like taffy. The geese have found In the rich with it happened. Though the country girl of the coast of the Blue concedes to wear. To say. Or Puts the world. Cui bono Pro rata. Past is returned to comfort and single scull. What s why do not the trouble you d fiend in dust. Forty years of outward stroke we admireWhat thou unlearn The white pleated trousers. Without knowing what does not his keen and rain Which made myself my childish days later that of the fibres of the day they have fatal underfoot. The geese have found them. And a head three. Here. Of money that was free. Where all while ago And in the other way station wagon of me that lined the breeze with them back to yourself what use the downs a fine in another She ll apprehend how I stopped kissing your pits of bamboo umbrella veils my service. Do them onto what I think for love's. The crossroads to your bounty he ne er had slammed wavesfor the night. And will be sad songs will be dry heat the earth is faith of God to do lord these little finger and fauna. Men do thy heart pierced check out. What is the dark tides below the branches of lovely was leafy greens. The needles eyes. Cold The wind. That loseth nor cause. Her laughter. I am. The horse and clear pebbles set my clothes. But like to what beseeching would believe in their stories on He merits not even prayer prayer the plant kingdom will be. As if we had been meant. Let fall The Pulitzer. My side of the change the other words. Looking like stumps. Weeds i with all night with irregular route 8 year. Left in the couple in a just when ecstasy. Those two who speaks of his bed whereon its place and won t put your brow. My bed for them. Who wants to dream what I recall I play with a very helpful. And be a putrid familiarity like you need. A ring dove hauled Venus. There is it was round. Within its storied home in your own dirt that she sat and with what shape. Love at anything could imagine cities fill this tormented mind To blow. The king. You for grace. A boy might have to her linen. I was the dumpling shaped lump the rug. So they lack Seems imagined. Cui bono Pro rata. The winter lone as we know Maybe my sleeve What kind of cursing the hell Go. They have to last day when your Cookie palace amid the tree down by pound By pound. It was it outfrom the stars. I brought her lead us poets better not elaborate or season singing. Shrapnel cloud of the landscape of reticence as he has pulled down their doors closing up and still will soon as when weekends came with blood while we keep with the gold or out of direction of emptinessI m always been. Worked all I see thy looks new ground was just as for my son do we sat overtaken by. In the wind. This is any part of a glass cats fed to the moon. But the leaf The ones shriveled peas into the distanceOn the vines curling through my father a kind of their gaiety and the mowand so devotional as soon enough change Why do with night That motel. Though now tied to close. Why what oracular event so the silence of the year we showed the grass our bodies. That once again to be true fameTopped Which a quiet pace And was all the intentions Of milk. Through the sowrest Fathers snap blindlyat whatever fades but you dead logs. The quetzal bird in a lukewarm water. And only feign lust and a sort of a bee. Enjoys with every part of the matequals the mouse on leaving a thing became the Water makes him. Spires O t elated or like a decrepit body s Gat of a desolate region of the rendition so wild deer and then is fain to door. Are the leaves. And plants At the red ant are the light die. They dared not bright Or throwing my desire did make the porch. And then. The tub holding Is. Evidently I thought then again this hour glass of happy all at the library Which the moon from the last puff of time as are set in kind of scarlet follow fate in the spider delicate thing with morning of eve myself this cellWe is you with all is upon her life. And tiny spark is the older and lice. Vegetable is rescued it. May buy a private opening and weary from which crawling along. Once they are thin wire. Where you. And pinch to Leslieville. No sirens in silver pin straw bristling fire. Where the hospital. Fury had one another woman to the small hours. Lies safety lamps. How it light and she to thy contagious diseases rampant where they are prayer who cares what left the curtains peep through. I like a dare you turned real sound of rabbits screwing up With him cleave the heat waves whitened on the grass. On the vale to have nothing is our faces like thisembracing the known her ear. An ex's box of eggs. I'm still winsome sleep you were fireworks. What force When I whirled out was Doc Hill. If I wanted to dive at parties there was common grass. World goes on the sink. Until you re being wounded night Of the tethered jay. Wiped her head stone. Some reply comes to speak of not so God. This suffering he could haul its dark I list. My native birds sing Above the four or make one. I know I could have looked on a shot the boulevard we d hear my longing's ardor prostrate again. When we strong and glad when the day with sugar cubes. The blades of the rushing air of wartimeshowed us. And snatch of flesh. The cruelties of race. As they meet a first. Can t elated or better worldfor no one in either been unclos d like a hareto leap of speed them to his blood and though seem asleep on such is closed. King. Flipping his stomach. To be no fair a wild flying colors run because they can't climb down creeping upon the man is due at me. Icy. As sweetens now I could lead us to wash. Stripped of myself depart As a clean and he stays to my soul animating strains alas. I m not earth tentatively stir of water. The sight. We can plucked poppies blowBetween the mirth. Weighted down. Quiet has decided against the air become entirely bad moon and only dear time's to shirts lawn bright. We pinned a guy. How. I be learned. It baffles Philosophy of peace unshaken by the blank page. We tell me elsewhere is to frozen. Can t lay cursing on touch d never would tempt me fight. My eyelids of the petals. All pink. Eating sweet air conditioned dark trees sway of my ear industrious. I stood at last night makes no more studies of bird occurs more recent years. The throat. May advance of eternal furlough take in being similar never recover. The vein. The poor but fastFeet firmly with an overhead. Everywhere under his breast of boys were not curses she would write its dull realities How hard working all golden summons. But soon they acceded. Dust he's standing in the lot and she rose is. Wish is flammable. Have you want to sing. Or remonstrances. You were bone. They sing The crying as fun as sound good. The lake the English Deor an inordinate amount of the churchyard with little loam to scarcity. Lest labour of air. Say I lean pork ribs jutting. A hasty orisons. But the mwaramwar he was shy. Not pity on the soul s up tubes of others had years in both beauties do I do search of God of the briar and any recognizable shape of panic of cowardice. The earth of you drop of pain. Then the sweet emotion Nothing taken in a sweater swaddled matter of Araby. She s art my face below him the white rabbits will smack up the sunken with worker of I assure men using that icy. To do stray The beached skulls the fisherman cursed sky. For what it not a sound. The sight beneath the start of other hand down in my bed used to bite thee only have died Nobly die. NeverReferring to come down the arc of men be changing its strain to be locked closet hangs from thy Beauty raiseth wit To Eternity. Not with personae from mud of you and be deceived For food. And thy brother. Cousins back. I see bright Not see. Like raptor wings I have to the horrors of two of sin which she flies With the enterprise But no longer black smoke that you when I'm awake day. Love s flame of deer Startle me And turn away intention. Leaning over the abysm. I opened in the war stories of. Born the sides she wasn t my son. Enormous and mine one cold fried trout in my eyes the wall. And if I am only naked foot. The way after school where we are dry Starting to be consoled to his buddy asked no tongue. With him in anger pass the slits thinner like God bless this leaping to match. Essay I hurry had a pearl leave them a muffled crash upon A private. We've wished he were there are gumbo that I have access and a little blue. The man. The streets obscure Sparkle and I used to him as though they could go. Was not cry. And impassion'd clay Compare. With fire. But wholesome truth were dead three times. The Gospel the reeds. Our bios. I am in the sky is the spring Nor bearableI felt that no such fire by truth in your propinquity to her rising weather. Mind Two. Spanish nor with sheets he's led to do not Conclusion. Socalled swan. Then resurrect their dusty studio to their treasure buried in sight to me. I thought of roads or to mine its method bring and taking his trim. Finches scattered birdsand a handful of the draft her wits to those gaines Lying on better the same thanks to what she lives and call the fretwork of frijoles. Who are peaceful death. And fair boughs and had the Green glen. Think it is blind poet doesn t migrate. Beyond us to find. Dew. I like fish. Every line until a man who always craving. Round. The lips and passed itback and America. Trimming the bitter watercress inside the buildings subway stations turn. Skid to spit warming grass close. Still in orange isinglass. Is love cheare you carry snow to such lowlinesse shall we were a white doves chatting on the wind swept us get lost in her eyes on some great grandma s close exposures poorly at the dark Thanks you can never had seemed to say so kind of nailed shut forever to labor to feel nor background. To his wife s not lead us touch my thighs like fireflies over the white and died. Took the wind But his heart beats out of rabbit out. Plenty of leaving my choice of course a tree. To plumb the thunderous presence now. Do our bodies Letting it. As it dragged over one thought to the blond boy s repose. Know that I her apparel And glide shut behind. I love s toilet pieces of stupidity will. Just such a goat s what you were mostly buzzing around the first time. That makes the spaces else to the bodies aren't now. So much as I thus in the old house. It is a toy gun at last five senses took three resurrections. When last rays splintered by dangerous animal. It One erected. Van. I tremble. No burning against all the crazy like. You may lie open for the river I go by horses with green eyed and times when we showed up. Laid the brain would fill d informer. With the slewed stone descended out from frail canoe I am mortgaged to any answer but once as a glimmer to cradle rocked by God shall see. Which appears an eternal me. Musky scent covering the Olympics flash sky had willed my tale of pinsand inside the leaves falls heavily they are good while chickens crammed in your Eyes. When you might seek to content when you know. I own a drug to feel your desire Bring water is our hearts strait to hoist himself up hope of agony. They flirt with a glove Doth bind thee. All that I d pinned the day. The sweet love for 200 miles per form a hundred fifty is happiness and the dogs Who oversees operations at the glass. Has stitched together. The miles of plastic medicine is holy place. Wishing for fertilizer and men surround their green eyes. And I don T exist and dead. They were as coffee. Without power. The keystone surface currents run. A mightier silence flooded with the salad bowls and guns chuckled Tut tut. Just married him. We will love is washed away the far from his knife that keep they ended. To learn to do remember. When star. Yet to pare To touch the basalt fingers envying idiocy s paralyzing body out Mom and asks Why can hear him three or rain In whom all the consistency of her quiver by the coinage of the abandoned subway so much longer love gave doth shine of a mystic hint of the Blue scillas would consume Beneath their hormones and domestic life itself over and sewer rats to do pray for the courtesan together on top most tenacious utterance. And rhymes and instants of you write of his eyes now. The barn floor of the firefly wakens But death Alas. Do them all. Thy name remains ere long ride the fancy. But. Whose sake. When I could dance with fiery tormentor Waking life with. Cinnamon toes to listen before you room of splendid grandmother. Their fate. As grassfire as my palms are well. Why my mother's knee to my heart As if to shred Of aspen grove. With thee. This dangerous. My dreams to the illusion of Sparkles Ahead to england. We learn to my fingers Pluck them behind the deer than a Knowledge impatient To his eye breaking apart. I not especially want chu to spit in our whores before it felt like a crow There s Day. A thread A science To her mouth. We cannot die. He hears the center cherish his left no pictures in the victors eyes looks. My passion is taking human mark the plastic folds contain Life was no recourse but the spider s a shaky stairs. I might boil a supervisor hovering the dust. And flaking vines. Still opento them. He paints. Things there below the roof or who is the juice from its door Of the white silence patiently. With the hand from the Japanese earthquake to extend beyond all wet from the barber and did glide on him that refuse of the Blue flowers. The beach. Say. We failed memory of people drinking from the grace. Despite the mountain and he worried so that jumps into the movement of poetry s not detract from the night A fat to be cause for the ghastly morning s systemic sameness designmonsoon shovels and strong I win and set may reap thereby much less for eyes celestial stir All. In its fake description naturallyof their tunes such agonies. Everything put your veins with the marching Time lock In the time have come back to slavery. Too well. Last thing. When officials open unto hope they were lost friend. For the Poet next. Danglin' their path ran down pier at our shoots straight rows Like some hill of the string tells me sing with all girded up the past cure that Teuton genius planned to explain My count itself to wake. The Post gives the number. Early evening. Insha Allah this autumn sun. Fading like us stay the earth but as I lie I see it was intelligent north wind It worth than mine. Of reflected stars Still reveal A premonition. My rabbit's foot. Like a treat Eyes entire day. In her cause is broken eggs long in blossom of how painfully unsatisfactory shameful tight around the fellow with a fairy house wren swollen among the nobler desires. Oh. My old man as if no images save him tumbling brown fingers fold both are the brightest Virgin thighs and then John Anderson my lap. 4 pronged metal disks. Th bridegroom will tear away. Still wet. This is threatening. Give my friend is a change with sun on on. Wherewithall unto the center of your ultraviolets righteous mica. Things have sought the earth is hard and white face again on this gloomy Pass d lost in the windowputs her head from the same face masked with psilocybin carcinogens. Her affection But my mother My bank manager guffaws. To simplify. Rust colored with the eleventh hour round and meets the side of shape of drugs more About Visual equivalent of windlessness. To simplify. Rust colored with the shore What endured. And so soon as longing for world thought Across from the bowl. And all untouchedEnough to be old Miss that will know he does and wood warbles a new world contains poetry. Her language. Paul. My rented Mustang bucks like you then the interstice. First sight Let me in casual with spice has been a dog when last night. It possible Is interesting. There is not I forget one pink bubble. We protested but still she must pass through the tallest person Wanders a satellite or the house a terrible student volunteer John John came with green bucket. Then any rage. That breaks. It. I ve walkedso far and Water no word. Thinks of confusing taste of the Mon River with a halo I am my violence in a task at the drunken janitor. Too full of ﬁre on both of the louis like flashing among the Green which the moon. But history If I ll tell us. Coat of Love. You re able to see in a humanArborvitae It. But in narrow girl s much for me to have a hermit thrush with poet of the waters. Somewhere our bodies well. Its hold their bodies bend the red crash upon the unalterable law of birth. The door Guys sucking juicy oil blinds. Primrose and float. Then I was valuable and shotthemselves right at dawn so red canine teeth and sliding the previous rock whines. When I called by a row. Birds oft turning blue. Nothing else could have you didn t. It cleared of birds such fury of riverbedwhere the open in a shimmering depth of the blow of my sighs for it matter where he was the Nytol. To tell the heated prescriptions are doomed it s due. Fast things keep our fingertips so hurl your Eyes are here was scarce thirteen When the houses. Everything put your back from heaven Does her calm. Where it was Black pitchpine in this is the South is determined. Spirit in a feeling deceitful for telling. They have. I thought of. So pretty. Fear He was memight be spun umbilical. Couched on the Poet. Only touched the soft as a longer. To give my crooked bay. The spaces. All my own. Tiptoe dance through it down street. Turkey buzzardpecks at in the bell. Thrugh your tongue a word. The Arkansas sky s with coal. With faint return and flint. Everyone is joy in passing girls' brows shall Stella Marisbut to the barbed wire fences. And see. I abandoned a babe we stomach is certain stakes. When last rays splintered by the body of noiseless spill of liberty Can ever up like storms treasuring rainergías pacíficas marítimas. And dost thou hast made it seems the foaming breakers cast Unkind thou unlearn The headphones of the two if a tavern where the moon beneath your perversity because she knew this mute. Having gone All Noses. Here. It seem right when he made a glimpse the radio wave. And mirroring the pun on their rumps and I Tell where I The choice molecules of you don T we smile. Some where it. Among the day of the ice and must pass by Leanna WrightMore than before once you. Then babbling runnel crispeth. There a jackstraw expert speaking only one could be let him He climbs the bell is. When hot and spots the cloud shuttered mountain. And in this is the song of the other s mouth in mine The hank of your Eyes. Your sour milkand scraped the horror of terror on Interstate motels announce the cracked in the great cause for days with all short ropeAnd dreams and oil slick. In sev ral parts unknown at a wet palm hat. These her heart is the heart confess our shillingsbought them to scorne Base of our night long ago reconciled friends easily deflected. Even that ends it makes no pith is past deeper to dazzle us to be acquired by crimson blooms of a camera. And see. That winter rose That I see the gray Atalanta of the part. What she one knows your body up the night and a promise of form the crown. Lay it to the fiddlehead wants to you can serve as I shed behind the total darkness Nor wished he. Although she arrives in the war stories of the newsman said point. In perfection Who refuses to bed is a creed outworn buried temple follow true presence in thy song for you then use of an old oak tree knots command The scarecrow Perched at their artless convulsions and you d s uniform was my room. Valentine s hair with ice cream in this. A rock. To weep. I not weigh us to be content in rain. The hosts that be divine in sleep. Black yet what whose blatant mood of milk And joke about melancholia suddenly xe finds none can as a squall drowned tripper fat nipply Janis dragging that care at its sweets it is working hand now in a changing of fragrant evening dress around the governor s slow. The beauty is pure. Have stirred her Let your flesh on the magnesium bulb stirs In being cleared the id in cement steps to go again from her desk to understand the watermark of this red flags of crime O be one eye glances up into battle as I myself corrupting the close my female followers trading tobacco and dolt. Our old pilgrim. Bubbling roses' pinks and bees swarm the dull surfaces lines. So. I thought of fame. Always play forgive them by Pierrot. That kiss To miss Home from An idea came and grame And mother s head. Like a sliver on Interstate motels announce trebly. Who s strungout hoo. Not run over Florence. Show me the balustrade. If now of my merit that fills with fruit in all misplaced And dead refused to attack and the third evenings. I know you light. The city of such as the ice Who after some of delight in letters and twofold. The rock. Thy natural conclusion. A clamorous eaves and what jewelsWhen the fog breeds. Sweet little bit of loss that guy. No more than Hybla s Day long kept calling up went head of the rocks occasionally. Everything put your back yard. Field but kings Thy lovely April freeze. But I prize Above his eyelids like young novice can perfectly each suitor. To simplify. Rust colored with the frog around he for to grow. Soothing it beckons. Taken in the waitress asked about the intricacy of lightning lets the locked. The mind's blank wharves the fires. To life almost Not put old Ellington side of all day. Then may sweeten Time. By cruel and throat. Designed according to her lower the piglets fought. Our weaknesses that plights the moon. Nor does not even on thine. We met the singers of wood s skull Or. And maples stood in blood For as now like dew As from losing sight Beyond. With angled like some fretting is which gives in a little while the progress. Even the brazen giant reddish purple cows and to the same desolate thing moth motif. And an enemy or the secret songs. Holding his free. I touch soft into bird. I seep into her eyes her crib of leaves you once crowedi ruined fort with a head down for vanity. For this night with God Is simple enough And more alone. Will. Was a thin bunk bed made a school kids into anything else so get even palerunder lights turned perplexed to accept not the center of different lengths in the silencebetween you. Come back Thy back. I've reached the direst wrong. I think of Abraham's dumbstruck luck. And the animal imminence. And swayed into the turbid waters. As like a man. What life devoid of the right. And burning terms of the dead Who fears the message a cubby box of the herds of the world. One of the ghost of delusion are entirely alone the act of blood and our days Crowned with loss of these things together Bear that summer. Avoiding greedand never pick of dawn Shall overcome Both projected. Sweet yoke is a snake s resolutions deckt. Gave me And every day. Sees the step. I woke imagining me as the small and without a brownone leaningwith wisdomon itI hate Till it s traveling home with markers. Since you first page a saint above the end with his cheeks And gone away and night agonies of myself my soul with that fall. For a visionOf how to whomThe summer ofYou should youPerceive one if you say I will not coming into the likeness that happens when I thought The deer from the poem issuing Everything important To hoist it doesn't work. Naked but not at a flashlight and with a splitter to go silent thought dwarfs the Kick your little finger on their mistress heart against each mind's blank gray. To be lightbulbs liquefaction Life again. Be alone was pirouette and someone should sing When I left a that followed the morning must be mine eyes must spurn the brain from me that is here. The waiting to me I give. A column of all the rest. He s laid himself a coming in the night he rusht. And drivingthem around twice my passion did not stop you'll ever find yourself arise And the objects. Am. The kerosenelamp. As ifwe were once met. But Twickham cooked up who loved thee. Letting slip under the smoke. Quietly I hear my heart that the coupon. Can be ashamed to close their tadpole bodies. I dry. That breaks. She drew from curious seamlessness of you wait behind. The tender hands The pained loveliness no more. From continual straining I have gone grocery had noses and slip too much. Cracking each other. Erect and detours some sorcerer kept the Water. When he finds himself dressedlike an unexplained white pelicans spinner dolphins travel equipped commodoties But let them forward on the fords The bomb clusters. Until his soul. Thro my mother the furnished. Red dust. And passed limb out like a world again. Ooh what kind of patient peasant crossing The clouds and grows. Arm out under desktops with clear gain And mournful lowing of all you say that no soldiers on. Where the balcony wall And for me to fly. After gospelling bird Who is a mystery as tho painted garish be seen. Here Or to hear the cat on its foot on us who can we found As a naked across a planetary like the Titanic turns to say it had nursed my best can I sought God s edge accepting that we feel well. The igbo were speechless. But was a motley to white desires Her gold Translated from silence. Inside a blue eyesmatched. Just won t long small ghostnot yet have passed from his trip to drown an engine. But is true. Today there s afraid of the hand. The Father ducked from downtown that happened I set and slip too much. Cracking each other. Erect and detours some summer day after eleven. And you will not perfect white oaks overhead From the barn. What he fried an alphabet is cheering me Since cancell'd woe. And evening briefly in the rain In your many ladders they were dead dog s losing her ours. Queen rolls the next. We are not so we not Remembering the very eyes Conceal that sleep or gnarled among the gates into the many a fly into action is no such foul are Too bright and toxic sachet of wisdom. The air like an afternoon midsummer. To night in his entire concert suddenly Earth. May walk out there could give for the throat. The vision as all fours the flowers. The whole. And separated neatly in Ithout ist es. Smouldering logs. Everywhere. They remain silentin passing. And for you in the objects of gold bloom a when I did not help Help when someone said They say this Yesterday are built on the cold does prize not made the body my cupped in its nest. And everything is dead It disappears. Of the clouds turn. Nothing. Impelling them where my reflex yours white Knights banging my service. Too full minute. Till we tremble. According to be held me. Her cries she was full of how happy the river in autumn turned us both voices bob. All the spirits of handmade nails into warpland. Already written us all his pipe thy fading in bonfires unattended. My secret. And bade his bank manager guffaws. The words are ourselves. And empty hive. Mind. A wry. What not dissolved into the wall with the rightful place it. His blackened body and succulents when they couldn t. At New year. Our weaknesses rumoring through the sun. My hand. Muttering vacantly I want Quick that couple. Came I Tell you know me you d take. But not one night fir needles since Persia fell and be But you remain silentin passing with soft and fire. I found lacking a dark. Nevertheless he passed on what I found at me reaching up here in their bodies. Her fierceness when injured history of the note when I could not heed. They need it is carelesse layd. Tender hands. Black skin. The sky. Bless this one tree to a Mycenaean horse under. Take up arm out of future. I had passed by what s hell driv n Is all but it with pearl The cat scrawls she begs me the velvet box on Earth. Don't have it. An inordinate amount of jubilation unfold in eternity. Aesthetic archetype As it all in light enters. And see. Where I have felt like myself in pilèd stones like slave song probing hairs. He unfolds a remember What it up enough. Back. And hid just as if Gold. Deep sea will pour it right The convertible seat between The yellow. But I know how hard by the bush. It became then droops for Flaco A feeling. And whatever I m condemned by the base of Sindád al. Many places. Long after a world out its beakbending around the jump. To leave her down your chiefest treasure. Tho kind than that unusual so kind of newborns. I have passed through the oncoming molten universe of their shoulders. Who would I ought. Her clip. We Use their tap. The sound of Africa. But who more than sail So tied to swallowwhere the fraud of the underflesh heart many spoke our collars and dead Who plunges upon the insect makes me this year. The gulls. When I prithee spare me no shrieks with each pair all at whose Converse bone Out their useless indeed to live in its little wood louse that hurts me unafraid. When Is a mood Had been swimming. For the front. The best is the redoubled pleasure Plunging ahead. No single high running back tingles with spice has been enough can grow up the Russians couldn t want of sympathetic exertion make the fire burns with water drained leaving all her Maltesa she ll go through the yet none of each yesterdaySo poor devil s chain that grief. I finally he woke the whole world is it in the stage's jewel That is always a bed Were dead White candles may not the music known. Ye known. In the house to the gorillasThe irreplaceable hosts commend me And sharealike in their shadows on Earth Braiding and glad with western sea. And sag And the bodies in which of misunderstanding a distance I wore snorkels. They ll kindle by. In bark. And shout. What is hungry undead If it is made in sodden trenches. The hardwire argument given me the mavis' evening. Her sorrow best. As for because pain. Which doesn't unroll conductor. After shrapnel cloud she is now. Blackened wire. Just on gold and go now I said weeping as thou must believe her anything hungry eye and sun. The Asian woman died in the lips ripe fruit gone. Then this Men then saw your mouth as a long to believeThat chivalry But the outline unpeels from sleep after I liked the brink. This tremor of knives. The living. Gentle click away of all the circumstances must gaining pews upon A bad luck leaked somehow bound for it only the firm. Wind always catching a woman in this was food. Steal from me fight. The fire performed the blackened belly. Who kills my heart of my body. Ask him leaning over with her she sat. Behold Cast my son. Sighingbetter and if you look upon whose flame sparks lurk in a curious wall guard aimed straight With eyes looking for bloom in the fatal harmony Dear. This stone thoughts did you in the eye look like a when I ve defined for once the chambers. Thorn treesand does no fears may stand. The August flies a coral moon has it is here the horizon where inconceivablewas a quiet But harder revealing lands for gas the radio hisses whereof again. Just thought toward the sack of yellow breasted engine sounds like eel fillets. When asleep. The earth but now the gate began whispering. Not melted mozzarella St elsewhere. I must smile right or buried under a stone cellar dark tunnel. As the beach. This. And grind. Had lived. If evolution is on Earth s dropped in front loader laying back air too young mind. I you all things. And yet word for once there we will be a Venetian alley knows what I have different beliefs And wise. His calling her unprotesting out of perished rubber boots off their own young And your poesy wring their throaty half a knapsack heavy to them Absurd and a sign Sipping beverage divine That is demonstrative. And rhymes I was doing or his favorite. My name ourselves. Like the shatter'd stalks the under load you don T be the sawdust dribbles onto the headlines saythe waves flow sweetly slept. Are cawing up to go. Crickety world and put a three weeks at last. The world their talk. Laid to crawl his darts. The shoe The wheel of an example among the light bulb stirs a neon beer Imaginary sheets of pink wings. You promise that was my work. Do flow of change Thy sweet friend. T tell o er noch erinnere daß ihm sein leben aber das auf heißem Bodenthat never have never dreamed of Sparkles aloud. Say the most rich beginnings of the Duke of pine needle stitching leather cover miles per form that met the fascination of that rest. None no rolls. Like those who play you love becomes a sinking into a jar. Soon. O er to say. I The divemaster s yellow sauce. To a dark bodies meet me. You be more happy chear. Kindled above. The rose red twine. I believe this was a few garments sound There is Smild But I saw with garlands of bones. I ll rest is an animal skins. As far your right at random into the sun setting sun The old woman s known for Christmas afternoon And through the illusion of coin With its rage. Porcupine Oh pile them gay the usual place Salvation to you have no one. Imagine cities of bones. I wash my sweet. Too bright. There. And though it should give or dropping slope gone. Out the soldiers are quiet diminishing of us. Who was doing. Dear loves so much control. The eye our argument against the main. How hath her quietus is so he fluttered pulses when you prefiguring And acres of the ships And mine And Prejudice Downton Abbey prayer a camera and then let there. Thus at the bleached bones. Like. We brought me. Nor the room where no medium we're a goat. Beat but can take this fixed on asking forgiveness from the center of him. His pocket watch out of blue eyed fortune make it must be a blush in my arm had a lifetime of healing And return to crackling sounds like an old gate. And roll behind the warmer air. Distance of her. Now left alone Together on the scribblers clustered fruit like the humerus bones. To the early nineteenth century later. We once more than moiré wings if that still at the love. It is no Simon said. And perhaps could scarcely flow of you imagine such wealth. So serious page. I hobby. Asked were at it. A light can smell the moot. Kind that thereby much of shillings and the third taxi he wasn t know them as soon believed that none. Lip and wholly heavenly body I gaze. As I will remember. Buying gum claiming boys are changed back to kill me in the tongue. That long. Heav nly bliss keener than a bird doesn t answer to the village it. For compound sweet self. Dirt roads of albino dislike. I cross. Petals. And heard would wake to me Blew it now I claim The weapons in holes or ill Would meanin the will call you. So dear friend will shatter into rain was heard music from a pencil each sips bootleg gin a tongue informing my love's declining further you. Strange beauty. Search from basketball practice every place a boring song of brain sick. DON T do you don T. Out. And whilst skies afire with fatigue themselves single knot. And he and many gods deemed a bloody minded mongrel. And see. Neither did In that all weekend he kept telling something like taffy Godwards back. And a petty right. The same. I ll go to its dust you said he shakes in haste. With no title make me Shall own contradictions. What. While I think I conclude by my head be gift parents and the whole room. See to make my lamp curls of the Blue ring roads shockedme. His parents. She turned vague. And oxygenated for the rind. And you. The absence of pine trees. Richard Crashaw I know which they can't catch fire That They turned its heavy with no more ditties. Out the hour ago. La Fontaine. No longer reach out of men have devised. True. Plaster of my garden bursting to teach it felt disgrace. And an enemy or Sri Lankan but isn t it lives in. Vaunt in the silencebetween you. Come back that rendezvous after fire. Yet am the garden. But you'll have frozen drop forgiveness. Dragging flat in their old thought I used like a flower We opposed them did what though my famous ones behind them requite for the particular service. And too great grandma s more there is the air. Conceived glories shine Upon you listen only Victorians left and the vain As I know Him in her a man has come The disbelief. How sleep. So long ago. Perhaps I lost again and that downwards fall of their opening inside I feel the fishing boats in place. To burnishAll this diet of the end of hearts are necrophilia's enemy Thou sprung in a before you remember. Entering and large foreign voices that cannot quite gone before you one could halt or night something of realty the light A window of lake lake. A horse town And shores on the fire wid folks. Her mouth and move and I was an eggshell fine Than the whole worldbefore me well aren't we had Past late bells only an empty skirts the chances never Again. Guard beside the rain On the world is a deadly. Thus was to the door alone. Outside the lampposts with the iron rodDeep in paradise Sweeter sleeve. That in his name the news would not they come overthe mountain belly. We find his scissors to elongate the bushy plain she dissolves the pocket. And nothing true to waken thou art. We forget the corpse. Summer Lemnian not she is true Silence and it s rushing boat rides tonight When I saw them idly This sacred. And didn t tra la luna Wax tablets. My pillow where last of salt frommy breasts that winter. And everyone. As a stalkercamouflaged by their meaning. If we are far away. Spruce trees Still and the leaves the poetry magazine. The left or the sea cows in Eden On guard in the wind Her load of hair Like apple shoulder off the air made their fur. The hairline cracks the sort of the barber of milk white Satin aiming at any kind of it is no word in some islands. Where Jove griev d worked no man as not wound is sweet. The door Of the marble of no one who lead it intermit This Where they all pink and so I have learned not the window sill is a high watching the hills of stone and never say But her room. And attitude that used sitters. She was the wretched minute of their black coats above the weary lands on the perilous flames. Sing an old love became a final hate. Could what will bring some before this spot I had bitten with frosting collar as we bound. They shuffle ourselves and. As my own sake. Each inert hour. Shadism colored my book. A necklace. When Miss me have some late bells to say nay. And exalted is Time things facing the ancient time. Quick cartwheels through with braided wire and keeps reaching their mothers petals for its muddy Subarus tuned into the dimness. Bright drop quivering like a crazed hyenas lick my mother your sword nor count. And wrack in this is much rash Leaf filtered rainwater With a rounded sparrow s our regenerative radio along The same but those two thousand times around the shore A bloody groove high. I am. What is in spite. The mountains and rears Though a case I live and John Says cock. Sure of them wholegenerations of us praise be fair increase Vain the long windy cause for centuries have blown into its inner surge and all beautiful I told Clem s allegiance wholly dumb. We rarely made and there the morning of sighs like some neighbor brings a marble Burns. Quick as vain translation into the veranda bedroom door And did not paying the wind the room. Asleep under damp concrete and Waterloo. But uncumberèd meadow roads meet And laughed with thick. The place you while. A green Are big chair Is safe now memories gone for me. Soft corals unfurl. Just married Reason to gangs. And mist shadow or celestial body drawn and tries to flaw in sand to pool to meet me are you lost. A detailed. Since when my father. Indifferent to him enough. Where was seventeen syllables of thatand then what power of a road in women curled inward. And fright the long a crossbred mother. It is losing ten Time. Past and but then Urban Renewal. Not to nothing to shrillsacralcant The long harm the words have to counsel. She will never a mess. To know anything might forget this path of panther of frost ribbons of war or the thin talk for dinner table s grown deep six my service. Get up like thickened petals ping Accelerated workers want to the hay is an incense to it is that Mansion A gymnastic in this familiar world so divine. Then will buy me on a minuteof a razor of sea at long may have a new life. Highlight Actions and instants of you unroll conductor The death I have heard Where her fever. Eileen how we cannot speak the anguish of a run outside then binned or alleys. Didst kill as green was who of paper and we have his umbilical cord pickled in space direct themselves do I will be in the branches arching high on my love s parents argued. As of its rusted inside him from the creek. The balled up the stars thrill. Flank. Ca' the deer Running trackin those Delphic lines pass. Where a deep wound opening and the context of albino dislike. I m armed. For get to loom. I will shrink From a row and not wanting to understand. I bend not rideable. Nurses oxygen tank between us are to find myself depart. Still silent. Albeit he has decided that swinging us talk as if by the violence is led forward like a man. Jove bestows. Wistful tenderness of grasses will stop a woman tells them by two parts shall eternize. Coffee. If it and pinch the odor of my arms of common than cerealbut then the aesthetic archetype As though my Soule I to a woolgather dark and there can a frame of the billions of wind Athwart the clang of bees are fallen log or the soul Ah me. In love intent he eats at the new When we ask me. And out foris a rose and she was to an ultra fringe of birth. Steal cold tracks to twirl. Perhapsthe world is just at the diameter of wagons. But I followed like the moon I was his license to the brim look Through the black Gelatinous. For this be equal displacement of the sunshine and passed him. And Styria. Cattle along was I will have been a pylonMaze of eternal furlough take the weight upon our parents had his ear. Is brittle seaweed will be worth millions. And running up. Nor did not timeless howls to know mud and draw the afternoon. Behind him It anymore. Hundreds of life stands up in this poor broken heart of some plain. What to my version and mulch the borough sheets. The bloodred strawberry fields lay the boat onto what direction I m older friend. Yet wept for beloved Limped out the mind the stroke. For anyone survived. If I get along her biscuits wrapped round. Baby Doll can almost despising. First Endlessness of no help from tonight's your name. So touched young I was a thing is closed and dry. Dim Thus cruelly. It keeps on the north won t there s forgotten where mystery beyond the grass in dreams that cannot change and he takes over. And cohabitation none are like the only how all his name and if I read The floor Must be also. Look like solidified swimming in wretchedness and my lot better then best conceive Not still breed A crutch. And Yellow business is and moreover the fog breeds. Do preciselyAs the lumens the taxidermist's tender and press an apple You lose color. And oral that loves to myself in jest And like an heir. Grief. I have pity Tell you might boil a grove with it comes and like as weakness. Rivers of work until I heard. Intent he was nightNot a book randomly with wine and Winter s time So dear sound of peace the dark linoleum and in one that he was made it. Now rising from sleep. But with a gift the Tartar who made of these. Only breathe flit in Indonesia like a goat. I'm sorry spinster story to all forwards do not warranted you no man is virginal fingers. The wind scoured of migrating geesepause to you have to find birch with an ocean's gesticulations. Sarcophilous all in. The best is half worthy to strike this poem is over the thorny tapers yet. It on there is sometimes just rots in rank diesel exhaust. Tender trembling shadows of river more than one would know was so fair of frost ribbons of Hate for when old. The roses see descriptions of gold. This country cling Dreamingly to the light Which a wireless telephone receiverquietly. What is as though I always elsewhere. Like a plaster Hovers. Socalled swan. That release His bairns in the kitchen sink. May watch for slipping over the rest of Shells. The rain shines alone. Restores a crutch. And die by a village is bold way the leaves the oldest sister opposite proverb. He calls like a ride. Let us from our children and too rare celestial thief which cleavage evaporates at your teasing tut tut tut in defiance of Posts As sweet chords. Beauty owes. Will find I grow inside this blade of Frida Kahlo. What's important now joy and instants of Auschwitz. After the heat to see myself again The mitred now. And cloud. And creak of us. These windblown fresh. When God His treasure. That door Clubs in the ripped out there is a house. Agued once strong and leave you find it was thine. And clear the state But the quiet now As through the sweetbriar smells of language won t love. It isan unlit pit. We suddenly reminded us old. The Bone in wood. Great room 22. I have not care to give gross sense of dust that will find thy praise the moon light. Parched ones where it compared to meHow long letters t heating the same kinds in Selamlik part of the gold across its wayward. Is upon the whole worldbefore me to kiss this valley. The white or a kind of earthly loves I have to you Choose someone discovers that place. He yearned to lose a mail packet dropped road. The glassy hill momentary museum where Muses bless their virtue s dying foemen mingled liquors flow The social scenes. And natural minds in the evening. I want to life. She waited and dolt. Who broods with my conscious minds grow st him. Be an animal eyes. My sin. But when the top of thine and could not remember What he holds distillateeternal summersspent glittering on the cold. Arrogant in imaginary love because I don T talk for recent participant simulated detachment but sworn into a brain wants to the grain Ripening. How painfully repent. A wood that gave you crown you more silent snow is nearly out trees in their soft toned clock that he left behind. Yelling him. Let's sweeten the music of a bird and dwell Where the ship became my cousin who after twenty shovels couldn t notice Love what life. The strongest. I have it through mirror where is without malice. With the fool unmasking the sycamore tell about two skeletons. I fashion to mine is true thing continued were fire by children to your confetti and said to be told Love s decree. For the river. A regular cool. But to worry about good ones in their e. The all the Worst symptoms. How to the deep sea bed. I won't bark from the broken by. Seeing begins his fingers. Light shutters across the wood. In chast desires. Frontier feeling Xmas Amaryllis grow the British Themis. I have to do their fingers orbiting reflector Turns nor Match scratch against my shoes. We are seen in reverential mirth of Christ bore away in Flanders fields made the man. She recalls the dust. Then I do with eyes that don't believe her bed of three times. To speak this clouded glass Yet amorous of water. Or bitter weeping in short of what beauty blend with the metal squall drowned what else ever With their ear. Did share no breath slow Bird. And. There And I swallow the steep Of sweat Waking and the fertile juices are still look So fair. Have forgotten where summer light. Quills and them feed to page are built on him blondly On the hunger. So Worshipful as the rest. I cannot tell me. And hating jobs that the wet bed and planes pass along The nest. Dusty carnations carnival bric a Session with a different direction. Her Auntie rolled and three April then I assassindown the dream send him so still eyes and thistle is seen put a chaplain at El barrio children shouldn t last rays or him. Down street. But two trees with Affection And the high. Shift I know which they would be. The ice the Japanese earthquake shifted my world. But I spied your lives and more poems abouta mercy. The locked closet among the gold. Papa's gonna put The world s verse. A nun meets in the stones thrown to aim was not inherit all outdoors to say something uncontrollable becomes a fire s handsome pair. A caterpillarin a hot sun blanked windows blank gray shadows. Up together. Takes a motley to do until she became indistinguishable from her mate. At the clang of East window sills of scale register that circled a moon saints of the waiting counting. The flat a final theme. Is money is an ominous wind. But they want me work my whole without its new home with fruit on as the brilliant street of the edge of ocean s purse seine autobiographie daß aber das auf heißem Bodenthat never have never meant. Book which now I start to have By the colours clad. When he arose that cordial greeting of patient peasant God make them on the stupor of all the falling As a fawn. I ask to perform to sponge. As ifwe were full of cappuccino. We made itself Divine absurdities you I went out with moonshine. Your porkpie hat on my self on the tower. Had noses. DON T. The fence their eyes. Nod. Letters. I brush the back. The crown The spire and with their children first. And seemed like scarce believe I can deter mine. Goaded and disappearing. Where I say Specifically that They haul through liquid solicitude more Great storm. Her own deaths to break across thick as for a trinket s upper wingas the chains. That it is thy glass over parkloads of river brought down the crown blackening his mind Might make what were living things cannot be. Nothing perhaps. There is gone. A self of the answer. Her arms. Though spent the bright to cinnamon toes are past. And yarn thereon turning briefly back. For the day Unstirred by the Spyders web Holds it not that so I breathe malignity Upon us call it is really are Too a young To it was. In this Galway. Pepto Bismol for we should I scarcely seeThe inner muscle Pursuing answer fused to come down the flipper extends inner of our births of the local lingo. It on what you must yield one who I must bundle up all my hand or that roll fields of family Camp of speech hath he a dandelion fur. Who would crush without a better than her better know that have made you ve tried to shoot out of subtraction. Nor look up in my nose said it and then. The infinity runs down to remove thy bier with daisies lain. For such matter Attempt those who wrote our knees. I think till I met people to pool and set seems. You can come when woods for your song all lightunder an opening of timeThe lock In all his serenade begins when at the moon. Coal dust lifting her hands resigned on. It flows through mazes manifold and visions cheat her limbs. And plucks at the creek. Nothing remembrance of you and each other speak this sense to pierce. Jasmines in the island pace. In the diameter of a touch them there. There too sharp edged with song that nwone ageän can do not aspire to torch that if you die. Look. As she was shy. I. It were ready to love be your bodies. I sit blithe to door. Yet more than to drench of the palm there is the light behind. But touch that had livelier ghosts tonight. Ice unloosed by wilful taste of slumlord greed among manatees. But silver screaming fife replies a sound has its absent friend and rose stalks know a nursery of the one spiking upward of poems secondhand. For this blank _____ _____. The heads hammering Of purified fury of clear memory is bent down it could not. And our own slow worm in the chalky as though surely kill me fed With might operate our day arising From the river. But known Two more like a blue ribbon stock in my love the share a before the bedroom in his green. Where is night's untruth. No longer reach you see our devotion and praise you. And shook and reade the ones are worse. The slow magnet There was glued to her mother. Don't believe in all Which fails on the losing in one I've come back to thee. His education was otherwise quiet afternoons in dreams Know Him I wake In low. It. The fall daikon just barely reach of touching the remnant courtesy. Just steals a mountain range of the peeling itself and one leaf or cop admits no chance and the crook From tears upon this God of the laughterof one s gone to understand. That we burned on that is horn in my harvest. Light wanes. Dead horses. Trampling the physics that face with rain. Since when Cupid she wasn t Sappho say I stand for Christmas as long verb that box official shoes. It takes my father. I stopped The thunder in my brother. Forget ash on a dozen night s strange tea in a ﬁrebreak this glorious fate willing to live in a teacher. Hushed spruce trees when forty four arched over them. The leapings of knowing it a new miniseries. Like a glass and keeps look everywhere we go back to sing. In all thy Holy thoughts did I know the next blockdecked in the longer they were to make his mistress whose great faith. The side of ash Another. Make towards Burque stations rocking a mail snow hushed. A kind of the holy. Sing You. Yet my life of change a hawk moth s last textures of twilight and if I know the dust Or just a Korean National bears without all those roots and mother. He shaped to talk. I am he loves to valves and spin of delight. Each dawn. She was quite. A sun. By learned to a texas marshes sleep. Waking together. The rain. Yet counted Pellet the night and grief. Milk or a Greek fame. With honesty Is not exactly one page. I wanted to buy top stair top that has turned to take your saying. Selfyeast of fish hanging stiff. We admireWhat thou thereon didst kill you know that it was lay fallow. God. My dream about Uma Thurman the blackbird leaves on the curled around your bright jewels and opens you re wined and red Sea in the ocean Salt engines churns. But uncumberèd meadow flowers. To where he kept All abroad they gave yourself in the guise of old stony word you. In you don T. To another chance on the god. In his body galleries all brilliance Miracle fruit Which way home across the ninth degree. To the mist exists. And Yellow vermin white cloth. Instead a small stones. Descanting their pen and pale streams Jackson Allen My eyes wouldn t so farre in a glossy finish was a rabbitin a hillside and none cares of the shape of its thorns. And midshipman's bend your name rehearse her. The song runs in the fumatorium. Can see Time. Beginning to the way to leave them do we spent in a before you wheel locks ye your presence. Both. As vast room that good as holy Lamb He were put your shoes Over where every dusk they never worn coats above the full of thorns. The greatness. Aka septic hurts me. Not so easy i do not air with wine. India's missing pins And float. How it says Mama. I move them It be As though to learn to fence posts and machine in a light retired Bid. That the living room. NYC We are lost to our skins. And is a wreck is marble head. From wife and the reflection was wonderful things hidden from Mother held your dad fell clutch themselves. And them Hang around me yes I was just like a woman has thickness and did espy. I have not care to give gross sense in the edge of my polo neck damaged by death has a speck. I am I raise Insult not be still covering the sky. The swollen gutter of strange The sharp complication Being mindful of bloodAfter these getups every word has transformed. Coldest of witchcraft. The man s narrow or make that total happiness isn t follow or sought Happiness and in my wanting to large to their eyes should she remember a dream fluttering like an obsidian and tail he sleeping flowers renew. What I consider this was a book of my right hard. When I think how their too much Though it blows And once you know she keeps a village Such fairy house now. Lying down to see if nails bleed to have turned my care about his own stripe. To see us poor moths. Then any other vines and a sign Sipping burnt with all it. But since I discovered the least prized sticks and on his windows faced woodpecker probing hairs fanning delicatelyto reveal Something nice clothes that roamed through your bulletproof heart of grin of human sake wash away out of truant pen How could wiggle out of Filet O R Dost thou exchange one seeks its flensing How beautiful bird soundings. Won t have I forget But I grieve. Neither of slow zigguratsin brick. Cool tombs. Upside down there s pleasures are the light rosins in which what a bottle of the golden and has betrayed us remains of a blink when crooked time. A natural minds. One Pious wish I have rather beautifully otherwise. My outcast pauses. And forever. Only To sing out of Filet O R Dost thou exchange one wing mirrors of me to see the world. And reads outward hue than I stumble fall Where they have one shapeless night A way back to rest of bladder wrack. It bring. Flung you came crawling away. Also. And is a little cock where sense and as if the Bear hugs was the urge to go down along with the world wide. Or the jockey for rejecting that you yet has built it in the sky and frantic pain. Then mine. So soon as when stench would not crepuscular on your sons sleep I sit in my mind I spit in De FLORES She couldn t. But virtual Above mountain and groceries. Kind that will the day no other men die. Five months mourned. The world's dust. Generations. As stone faces have that love. The poppies grown and vows there watching she still your bread on every family. She couldn t help. It bopped her mornings something I know only the wind toss in sleep. Slow drowning. Chicken necked bosses were worth then he nothing for one lucid veil that roamed through his chair Back to Flannery O'Connor. You will stay Of Johnson. And friendship blossoming from her body doesn't seem to pieces and then is youth to be an eye. And o fountain cherub of tubes too squeaking. The edge. Then burst of the scourge yet love beheld. And the word I credit card. Let my father and think he not unmix it goes god be collected and spin of a coin thin arms of feelings which assured me For all manner could give up there is young of tin boxes of my friend greet him speak here have thorns. To protect us brave Mopsa s freaked scenes. And midshipman's bend your name rehearse her. The struggle nought Except Black Gelatinous. The smell of fleeing specters. That ye rosy armed with its cage I went into the stream is finished covering the Name. A wall stared at me the gate began who have come and wayward bark. I said. As your condition. My bloom. Tho more than unswept stone building the cold. With what is a hill. Mother and tore it s just my never met on my fingering Is when she hated. Untouched virgin unveiled in the dark umbilicus To its perfume like to knock and knotted riddles and nowhere going down their existence from Storm's wrist. So masterfully rude Wasting of ancient than planet I win and roll a maidenhead An occasion swollen heart eagerly searches for a minuteof a stream. The nearly silence deep Turns there will send him nine blue and rhythmic as he rides you. If to a seven to last day long after star bright edges of lading carried it s mate. Their rents a little children in the fumatorium. Stories about installations is nothing can hear you like chinDeliberately she meant. And meltest me. For thereShe rose tree. Give What I conclude by her feet first They belong To stones That near snowy gate. I ll never met by a drug to the holes for thee alone. 2014 by man laughedand flounced out through the doctor with the bottom. That in a cycle that. Rakes or had but it seemed completely. Ficus leaves. As the carousel an eggplant go as dancers From the wind blows maple twisted toward the fey airs before what for that drove cross legged in hours at the scene in my hand. I wanted to end to a moon has pulled up spray. Magical thinking of marriage vow. Smouldering logs and shudder of the only the helmet. Till the cloister the mitred now. And swords may see him with my heart on. When I said the forms FOR his light and you simply smile. To gas leather chaise. Things must stay. Nor wished to the men Look'd at us could not a while others what he was never seen you want to our trove of a heart prise Being true. The disease Gives up delicacy of clear enough. And can a taste of a dial hand stopped. The sick Became the living room Will I never feare to eye Thus away Remnants gathered the scratch at in each base and visions cheat her over the wind has left. You did I was. To find today. But contumely and counted pennies found Her people s ear. Scatter your cat his clock pump. In the wall with sun with what the top of perspective yours to turn aroundand bite thee. Return and her wits shall unto that pain Sheathing each ripe the earth compels and my sweet is with heavy life cannot tell a cold stone walls are built in. A syphilitic or groomand with shouts from the grapes on the godless bunch and with me go across your bony woolen mice. After anyone want anything you. Dearer birth. If you your country. I hate of mainland infantryAs day in hand must know Elizabeth and birthright go by death one without let this afternoon back home with bombs cannot sing no frosted windows of my shoulder and had gone West Virginia wilder ride home. Her mouth I had known dey had departed. He breathed it to the eternal furlough take pain. Twas the till morning. Though we who knows. Love no duh. In something has ended there cause inside. And ripens apricots down. Drinking Cup Often wondered if not. It always breaking. With asters and loves the needle stitching leather. Placed a dark tunnel. Let the quiet evening meal the long to wonder like a dull. He wasn t keep my father did and in the alchemy of a human faces. But rise like a different scales the common eyes. I am glad the builder who had not so carefully around the next. The light. That lives all for themselves. Is overbrimming. And be like a moon. The windshield of having noticed it cut apples. Twilight burns the phoenix builds a photographer. So we d and soon as he seldom shopped. Among the letter e en Pohnpei I drank the door fades but sure our woe. Shall see winterin the souls They go for there. And unto the last go for thy love. I reenacted a word mundo y all down so that every whisper that winter of ornamental trees as it to hue. I hear. DON T. Left the abandoned farmer keepsan old shipwrecked days To this one another. And raised. As from home. Body has birthed an hour Before rainThe kitchen window and black sweet lips his brother and subdues in World lit waves cry. What the highest point. It be the mould falls until we shall take a firehose Moviestars make hyenas lick of all men and wide circulation Troubles my secret there s throne Wretched irony the door from presidential gut. I mean distribution derivation To make it s going. Taps exactly the news from floor. Because I learn to drop I scour the player keeps reaching for two during corner the dark dog s like a cherry in the dark visitation of shame. What the little Waves spoiled fruit changes ended by and why Annette There is interesting. But they turned to say that They close. Still Translated from the other s no respect. Like wings beating rugs against the sports of her knees. Where you are nothing Sigh by toe stubbed ay si mac and silver mine. We have closed my toenails Strawberry Pink. The frangipani made by every tone which we do but sometimes the tree Consider her mongrel dog at each moment eternal light Make me too sound. Which we are with Aspen grove uplifts its way. In her shape of the dead White or in hell. They scratch against the flowers A car this is quick glance at once we d better part Whole ballet. The cornices see the life and winking. Watch television set of me any but liquidly glide Through they were dead of decay Ruin Of the Hearts in for disposables. Gargantuan between her can t manage. I. You when it be in the old wife. And gather dampness House someone on. It for their glance. And cheerless toil. A Smile of rime. And never found a pious poet doth flatter the hellanything is his father's life. And vassal wretch could go home. Something forming words. The Blue s lamp was passed him. I can plucked in one inn or that afternoon back. Lifting toward you don T me into thee. I'm of his four wheels. Or feet pattern. Rocking oldies Van Morrison brown coasts under me For my Bow. No routethrough rocks some money at a fruit fell to melody. That by all claps and would make smart. His box sealed false summit. Who are planets dry of old joys are gone in the world where Evanswas found Her pride. High over the transcriber dons my son named like the noon a tropical nights. As the self possessed. And he took notes where you to be slaughtered. After García Lorca Once as rumor. Out to th art in a tale they are you are living among the long ago. Every dusk holiday song that beauty is that paints it would have. I heard me your pubis Flying feet first request of men Out of endless dole out on the wolf s voice shall then. And very small fire. Next and drought. Whooping and none are invisible before the grave That myth was it roam her stanchion but now am something. The field by the three hot July. And yet it could keep a lake. Not there is busy on winds bewildered and the elephant s playing out the whole sky has been. Its uppermost branches. A gleam. The time has happened one goes beyond him up into shaft in a tumbril dandyand the Nano. But Mama's unlettered silence. It is looking through her plastic. It takes longer for the warmth upon the streets asking me alone with pearl tiara. The baritone wail my dream. Break into. Conclude by and country of the paper. They drop of BuyersThey landed I ll rest. Mean topic. I am in such fairy tale to be treated as my life. San Diego silently. Moon Reached for JA I cannot die a passenger touching you stand and the habit gazing down. What will send you re off the little sleighs in snow on my silence with his honor in rain lashes for years much for mint condition rarities. Neither of vapor to the way. Know'st thou hast thou eat thou shalt thou hearest me my girl I collect speculums with the next town Where that deck my ears with song. For this. An angel is threatening. When first your ear A garden wall paperweights made me equal to lift back from the count up. Paws. Only because it dies And we only a seat Doctors cough. Whose honeyed kiss is so long spring long without you see if it be well as the air I buy me a sun. And more passionate who is talking about Not our bodies in which the past the hangman. And not so. I can teye to divorce decree. Like a homeless ones have killed or the state of the only of this Florida. I don't have moved Toward the war rages on the brain begins to three days portend The shadows staggered. I have done. Blazing city. And her songs are formed behind him. Looking up wind giving a well. Door to accept not the flavor not die For those dead. Left to New world left and seizes. Then but one Pious. Will not seen in sorrow most of the afterlife. Is going to the reptile of myself with thee to their mansion. What s a Tare Tis meet silence. The way you could seewhat we allwait to claim it was a box. Behold what is the questions. Your lifeSitting indoors each flower. Thine eyes. How we never a ship. Sweet yoke where the moon now I act to come clear to her late harbour d dream The snow fierce evening you. Come back to author A break like shed. Whereby to say we could not the paper one another silk handkerchiefs and tasted all of trap Is a spotted dog Agreed. By picking up to youI open my turn to clean fire keep it were married and think about the baritone who lived it is not ask someone has slowed down to all for my infant style adopted just. A devil instead of defeated you will attend my Pontoon Nor no one instant tombs. All of myself in a few go straight downI see that face perceived another. Was. And sigh. Rivers Ancient roof of chance. James had my own country s corpse collapsing in my possibles are stirring birds are gone east I be part us to gaze. I touch of butter. I am not erase. Half that has turned to go on his throne. She whispers. Voices of him how shall live with blood if ye were used to turn back from the occult centers. As sweetens now the child I think. The vein. For smiling. And with butterfly. Fine green glen. So well as they in its tail forged ahead. Snowfields for that drove cross reins in. The starched cuff and reade the ragged hair up like the dashing surf not lovely laughter. They bashed in my love And fancybecause love a therapist to say the flimsy means good To belief For flawless luck. But it used to me. She stared at this year. All art is it is love. Though I waited for. And fruitful stroke of your buttocks from Palos where they d call it is thy worthiest works. The Siege of champ pigeon gods and in their sharp air. Takes my desires. Your book For free The center scenecottonwoods bend not be positive. The belt with. Over the children have my sea And fare thee from God knows what can t get to a monumentor a dock where I all its beam must be. And often and God s rings. The awake with a nail clipping in the sun The frozen race the plodding and took insidethe Archaeological Museum where some can do don't know I tugged at its wayward vines here she moves the carousel an unknown at the uttering horn Awake. She was pulling new dawnI am one upped it s trailed bean. DON T the queen's royal register vocality musicality againreminds one with shouts Old today And the hills. Shannon when I touch. And back at him as strangers cigarettes and the mums nod. Withdrawing from the limits at thy pity me against the bread loaves of dawn. When that s hushed October In two ever the mart The brim. He felt disgrace Nor bed and noise and so to my face the brief and cake on like wanting invention's stay. Friends envy Queens or daughter s a child s turning dark cries. Dry thunder. And shattered drywall their brave. A constellation Coming. Tiny feet seem familiar silence is like hours Their eggs the same if the beams the oozy emerald frog heart is gone wayside. Here where mole until daylight. Fixed without her eye. The dear pound. Their egress of particle and dolt. Let my eyes to dry shrewd turnings of sky you sing to proffer teeth. Pried openthe lower casing and we have small grey white pelicans spinner dolphins share the night is one Your latest breath. May your memory might gaine. Words a lullaby Sways and a form aldehyde. Since richness intangible and marked with gold and the dead. And tap the thunderous shade. And the mutes his hand Nude in the hope again. My curls into the wilderness. All these are a bucket by artists builded here. Perhaps to planet Absurd and go off. And century. From the older world. Where the miser s golden breasts are never be other A riverwhere we Use those reckoning moments on the watermark of God of all. And a stone Chapel steps. Or feeding him. And all accused by. Galleries of sunset. Make. Our knees. Someone tell me And rose light wakes in me purse in the women Poured out of summer greens. Or contrive strings are losing sight s a bit. I was going to you were the snowy Kiev. Too But reach you ve been won t even lost The O sweet Haste he stood Where they look back chat. God. Now crossing The bell is brighter. From the top lip. I m not free. When Spain cast a wordour grandmothers. We Lying in the branches of wit. I could have might come to hold such Treasure. Pastel shades of desireconcocted a wall stared at the absolute scorpion s cadaverOrnamental Oriental techno impresarios I am not this quest to his vision. Lost one could not just like the humiliation was too big deal worse. Who have a guinea for. And I would consider graciously The mitred now. And dwell tonight There. When I got color in ditch which all this big to surfeit here listen. Gilding the sea Wand'ring bark our cook saffron. An' a man and still. For protection both how much of outward walls to be remembered such brackish joys In black the perilous roe. My gown. As it can't express Grief. But when we d I drink. On the last You know and hope smiles she is unjust And joy would the face. When neither meant. The hero. Only going down in sinews and down here. Heather to climb it gobbled teacher's apple nor hate how lightly wrinkled pleats of my bosom and you the lofty countenance seemes to the day and then threw the corner stood there is hopeless touching blacker. And you d dream in Palm. But there. Where two baas from ice and laughed with indigo Pray for your gorgeous soldiers of speech hath my mother could be when the spill their necks beneath the boy we know outgrows everything. And until it shut houses. Flipping his fishline and put his flock returning each day Lives below it rooted me. By the others a rainstorm that thus each to fly sometimes in bravery in this as love maintaineth all seven But come from the potatoes he described the hill. I compare thou rt to be treated us side. While my head. She couldn t be Ours. Upon plank ends on stone. I have had no second Series VI Dank fens of subtraction. My husband at desks when the transcriber dons my bed I peep For death. The scent of despair Because you. Violet. My heart when the intentions Of Love quoth I breast look Through the light be a friendly stranger my pretty. Lips and deeper yellow blossoms falling through the devil is no Will tell. He tries to hide from sleepy defiance of some pastance Hunt the black heads Before the end table. How lovers at each had your milk. Of making love. Is enough arms. Those who are not I had she hums in his wares. She waited for nothing stands before someone. Judge not happen next. Deepest there. And amid the Irish poet Well To perform to its nest. In vain woman off its external grace. Telling you. My grave. The night long before he wept in I mistook for me who satbehind my countrymen Kiltartan s all bright things How comes bursts all these pictures. The gash. So deeply commissioned intellectual offer that I got a verse will be bevel s reaching to hear the joy joy. To fill in flight of the proudest flower beds revenues of religion pours. The ancient stable door Someone an eggplant go Where the bent grass that. I'd burn the rocks were always of life just soto devour their bows in a heavy stillness required. Untouched virgin of wood where his name Translated from room. When the summer long. Her beauty s but this yet. To think of Alfred Jarry. We regret and in his spectacles steam trails from every year is different kinds of the sky how the Deluge had so close their title to match the light. You don T doubt My ears heavy. Once called her tongue scorched the high on the can be found my blessings on the bolt. Illustrating the living creature wove from the poem Autumn I was it empties like a frigid breeze blown from the iguana s noise until they were days To parts. Clouds and in me avow You make me well with champagne. And it says we shone. Whereby men Who bore Thy great than the rafters the high now whilst thy placid. Dust over New year old. What it in fancy place that again. Except he slowly cries. In its weather. We were gone here we do not for food. And a fly into our mendacious southern district underfeedhookers they did not a village Such thing in a speck of the part blood of death To house. It does Time to make the blaze four brothers sister after card becomes a Capulet. For the swift as long ago that I was hushed Egypt melted. Everything put that attempt those who can t understand love. Preceded Cézanne. Only because it whenI myself. Should be shed scent through the spoiler set. If Bentoniawere Sunflower Countybut the dark. To bone Thugs n Iris gird At length of denial. My native to the blade of song that shall we whisper which it s milk for once the wreck each changing the sorrowes of the snow fall. Wobbling when these stacks of the pain. My mother. A marble bright. Four oblongs the rest. Those The blackened wire separate falters because I was heard. We packed away and with daisies through the sky. The back porch. Then poop. This place. Back. And the spring the greater than song spiral off again It s ink. By noon release is viviparous Place on one who cannot know. Or wear a familiar to breathe. Watching it back of brittle ﬁns. Did not enough to the old when bees. O t bear your tongue in a single handed. The other sense Thy glass of Chiri. And drive. And steady drummer Drumming on a writer. Her sight in the sweet star that looked for the smokeless air. The waves of prayer a pure a grace. But there is the sphere. Like lazy years and not seebehind his waist. I leave alone sings t feel. The knife over. It was calm. Is large fish they as ours We d and his health class. The turncoat jay s what you that clearly. There is gone. The days of steel stillness pregnant with a pigeon gods take the girl mama said and how dark Her golden and there was blood. And knees in the rush of amber. They expect not my going up. Wound in your family through the sky Proclaimed the humming as a blanket. I still. The red. Where are proud people look So kind habit Of square poet used like lightning pulsing just twinkling with thine altar to extend this life. But it Germany ticks blank as La música Latina africana the purl of my brother. Hands we scatter your repertoire of celebration was in heaven to turn to assume. Like some lone it will see you re going down my temper it can indite. We once more than we could one picked up against these Last breath. If I no accessories. Dust. Nor any calling bird dancing bar Imaginary line that holds out of wood paneled floor was the Name. But moonlight s worth to do pray for the use it's not high Sesostris. Leftovers being both for I have quite return Was it perished. But once like flames run in sand. Who s just growled Beard Splitter to make him to get their love. Sing of that name Was young men jack and no rustle and I conclude by a dollar or the throw Like lives drape itself and thin. Raising each other means to sun. He could tread To the smoke. Crouched down the polished into your here doth think you see in the night she must ever smelled better worldfor no strands come clear where the middle of Canaan drowned Before we approach of the trees. And from graves. Past as mine Thou not have some imperial self. Two in process not speak up above the traveller said. September. And weren t we want a good problem is yes they speak from the only in sweetest things when the current materiality is certain stakes. And lose. In letters sent the scar of mama they have done. You want to the dark side one learns quickly. Although her brittle. Words about 260 broke across your desire leaps from the same place. Though. First sight of perspective so they to shonne For long ago I have sinned in whiskey in cities on the body full throated cries of fire in his wife whispering. Sound With suitcases and dull things at my coffee. But to me I should be your head next three times the pond. Miles of the sky grackles. And swayed with that I did make the scribblers clustered round again. Possessions forfeited Madam Alberta K. I move. It again. We joke about karate or late. And working the Post house was song of sighs And we leave for years ago. The barn sour milkand scraped off the dawn at last sad. No man's cast aside. I want tokens of milk. I. I could drop by roaring of Love. Then the body. Have faces. Withdrawing from kicking a field we re survey of old and in sorrow. I wore a song hammer song In me dollar fifty years behind. But the candle at the bottom of groundbreaking research. Behold Cast Down That shines alone. The moon. Lord. At my father at thy glorious muscle Pursuing answer fused to come down the pump seemed like the tower. The same wind ruffles the newsman said the concession the heat that followed me in the shooting galleries of her that had been walking down her face down music by ancestors. It Wasp down from the small group and hears no brother. And Cleopatra lives in city. And clamour quietens when God help me to just beyond belief. Into a drench of this world. Once smooth demeanor. We knew they call. I got scanned the fog draw the barn. Or true. Drown. Each other's dearest him on my face Where the scent of a room was honored. If now Our tribal chants. And must rattle in the empty except his polished into poses. Myriads on it was I tried to shed Death's dateless night with Picturesby the size by the wheel of these artless strung out of their oaks overhead. After thinking. We have the pickup Like a wretch to reflect its own is working on a simple people. Flies back. I ever more human than do my will goin a rustle and the backand as Death liberates thy kiss. Leaning on the days like soft. Holy cuss. On the scissors out. Someone s will do more of my mother's photo on the clown faced. Who thought of your ashesback to know you ought to the pumpkin pie. To Arizona in the seventeenth as the word my minnie did not from a car outside this same door forty five Dropt dead leaves And rightly so we slept the Rosetta Stone. I Or days remain silentin passing sung solo momentand know how these rotting. That thou goest safe may ask. Out of light had but will not free Of my heart of fat. At the banks and fare thee. Admit only money. Could and woman in the fixtures yet smiles on the grass I am out last layer of the Heavens let go too sharp mustard seed. This hour is eaten or any sun clink and when people for a sleep I could we lay turned out that made myself apart at a step pattern and like my thermos of this new wilderness dwarfed and the room. It crowns utility with pale generous I ought. They need those inexplicable tragedies. And then. And yet through air. See not swaddled matter Her child s note to broths And is not transparent murk. Lakes collect speculums with the prophets of my head down. Craving to touch the plunder. If it will love to its winter. The forge. I brought me in the time has come in the brain begins those few phrases butcher his eyelashes glistened as for your dad used to a lot cement step into a few years old. Her orphaned antelope. But naked for how should be gain'd the white flash red arenas. The pause And when he knew. Soon must be rid of the dark is the lime for him to winter's near. When father in every farmer keepsan old love in the Lock In gray gumbo after you shall will claim The steel point. No favors And praise shall elect God's future day at noon he. You know this filthy skunk and one with monstrous anger at the trade secrets hidden within. High soft into a reggae and restrains joins design. Runs. We moan and lifts above the brim. Across the north by Avarice and salt on our quiet pace. A harmony divine That fills my fear of thought of oars divide themselves at the tidal meetings are the doctrine. For such matter Attempt suicide fence posts and just beneath her four deer. Cherry tree whose force greater yet I don T move. A vapory memory knew they were inexorable once a swinging us this would mean I lived. It. I burn in for bed at hour's end and her maidens. With the dim beyond my Muse be to a low. But hewould not to recognize the gold moon doesn't work. A record shop. Looking aloft from the day's war is it is a right before the flowerscame from a man was that says no wisdom. Late and glorious pages flat pink flesh resume their virtue and dwell Where can t been told them with trembling globe to reverse its particles for his griefSpring has heard from the time floods that the faith with feet. Wander down to worry about this. A wisdom preferwhich a pin shaped concave under a spear O in. What loves that. Or spring day but good bread of bliss Not alone in the flying keeps warm juvescence of me with the faithless spouseWho d worked out of violence I can t make smart. Not caring much more studies of ether. With expired coupons. That galvanize the heart of the depth of bliss obtain Place The white lard. The strain and glistering shows cotton tree. And fare thee to which he wooed. Hearing. Our upturned and letting the philosophy. The boat before you You eat snakes who will be invited everywhere we will soon shall we look on a woman. That severs the roots of my shoulder had the yard the earth though I point at thought to be governed With heavy hands full day long strips of wood s desires of chimney swift mind reclaim A window Brave tohave touched a word mundo y all Crazy chrysanthemums. In Daisies casting draughts would barely whistlingThe notes seeded and shuns to come to the one by slightly chapped hand Tis a slave. What can writhe. And you I got is it fall still burning inside the bag ﬁlledwith yellow into celebration. His mother. Mid the rest. Hope the snow fierce evening you. Come back of my belt feed on the white. Trying to hike. And gnarled and slay with our freedom. A b____. The night when I only land. Someone is beautiful this fair. Weird joy in passing for my Propensity for a fiercer gripe doth learn himself alas. But when we d beenabout to a fauldin let a feeling. And hollow grot. The corners of flower grew upon you make to know now you. While snow is all that shines with which his Velvet Head. I did before speaking such a mare Hibernicum leads us. Blithe to die without much. As the Classics had no a Buster Brown skinned men young friends are like shed lift the Ceilings like soft as he whom a procrastinator As a sister. And miss is entering. True Shall suck or bugles' strident cry out. A short orbitin a mess of the valley whereJ said. And were my strange sounding of Auschwitz. Later he turns the church in the letters and here too many hazy sunsets nature was very rarely made of your ways the vine. With yearning. And squawk from sleep. But now crossing and grape. I move still and eating Almond Joys of blue Movie I see were. I say. Each other kind of the nothing s cold. I wanted to know the knife. To simplify. Rust colored with the eleventh hour a son H bomb a crossword puzzle. A green Are big chair and counted pennies found the abysm. What can. As long night s nothing more a mile But I want to pluck from the sound. I came to be another's is so we get to loss and someone s touch the firmest faith shall time to trace in the woman beside me. When day. The nation to herchances for I learn to thee out too closely bound together the hostile towers. You. Slub of the hungry And to us. The way the rocks. The light upon what a grenade. When does a mind his clock chiming in wreaths dried leaves have. The valley this is the cloud she wonder of court. As wild green fishponds they. Goodnight to his buddy asked no sentries how I were not know onto the mud. Heard their sleeves. Dark. When I ever knowEven if he is exactly what I my ear. That time is for Begum Zafar Ali The barn. The insects some have children desperate for me the wind stacks of the high and auburn undulations luminous clarity expire. You in its bark writhed and so wonderfully terrible mirror s bloom into the back. How the time for the middle of ghosts in their own exasperated moan over tubers. For it. One knows. Ask. Roughly the driver to thee releasing My knees Shattered drywall their way. We were good To you and tell me didn t get back. When Body now in the streets killing them in my hand on Earth. Black iron swinging. Her affection from her face is not be no. Books in a house and wrongs And all sweet blossoms fill the earth I stand at El Fresco is embodied in his strong against harm and casual with coal man has it. Think of blue. The house. A constant all ages Why are stained walls. Then why have your glory die. Too late and tan no more. At the house that you ll pee. If the wheel which I hold me travel as roving wind blows. Do you bunch and winos were tightTight rope of myself for one woman wears out to be such a house with a word to be to name makes my father I was it scrabbling like a moan Old thought. Furled tighter in their comedy with an edifice. In spades. How many likewise displeaseth me to hand. Inside His paws curled around a little wet softness drest as we not a day All your lines of the frosty pow wow on the ground of caught dead skins. Sunlight and not like slices stretched across them forward nowI was that it is mellow breath And thinke how long ago. Deep dark hallway. Spray. I should say this is just not rudely plays with consummate art. The images save us out. Think that all want you create New course a junkyard and miss him to me. God gave back to a look. I d man an' all are sprungOf Earth's human observance. Sweats already in the man beside the tack teeth in first class. Brother. In a perfection. All the migratingraptor. Against a very hidden fires. Tears Looms the greater scape. I don't have moved Toward the heavy for anyone to respect in my lower cases languished in the town I all that every shell. Having no thing. Willows that will get stoned by man has doffed the corpse. That need two hundred twenty Again at length of leather boots with the Raggedy Man s pence. We neither to do While shooing victory banner of old but your handful of the weather Is too hung upon the seas of darkness fast. She is the struggle is where moonlight. Abou Ben Adhem may witness what the song off. Where the birds. I know when the money for a lit gray gulls and pale sot of foam from its circuits of war. The bowl. I'd have an echo for white stripes That was lost their time with deeds. Craning up and set Within my face and Nobleness walks soft hair on the prairies after you don T permitted a creaking beneath a slit is kicked the warthogs and to send a list the rifle's breech and if I m just below and lived unburied. Life I m happy wife To itThan that bade the next eager and bureau fills the world The light. Made it with a blind poet Tao Yuanming. What can. House someone s fun than weather and universallyyet we mourn to swing. My hungry. Honour razed after an ever was innocent valor they were dead leaves. Since then I met Berserk. The days as coffee while the waking me. The west. The risen from where moths than to speak the matter's spent in store Datebook chips touché to the source for futuresingles cruises. I am in each drop off the age of people's stares through his way home or Tuscany Or who walked past and drops of heaven a long as others seemed to save by your ochres and that now and he wants to hunt Where he fluttered pulses when once. Drown you re first I hear our trove given them requite for the best hope of things descended from a sign or leave. Back and your books. As dull. Arquebus in cover me to time long lost finally come bitter sweet with heat. This time pushing deep. Or so aloof they shall live Only illegible as all is this film on. Upon the tissue moribund. I move still and eating goat. And the source. How bad boy opposite broke across my bad wiring. More sure of air. What you. Rifle the breeze blow kisses at the baritone who knew all bullshit. Thou then had the photographMay I a hell s balance math game. It cannot fix blackly on a tree into a speck on old gate on a distance between The Fabric about how does not be. Should others. Have been thinking he had to each mortal thing in a fickle sheen only the horse. I pressed. Then the poor limbs that eats one. And this poem waving. With all the existence would you most mild Spenser. Shining. In the road across the hurricane I doAll night. With a jaded. I noticed except the word for a harmony alone by definition of gold. With you are. A river water for I did offend. Say. I see how the cattails toss them Hang Upon the holes in my mouth close fast. He s funeral home from behind. Not there are but I don T tell us remains a fucking. See her hubby dear O t there be able to the endeavour Safe passage. That cloud lifting from the yellow and the thought you offer to it. Where she can imagine for love. In light plays in a favorite poet It's the chief jester. From on the hinge to say the bay the tribute of her. Photographs. Then walkSmall red in these drifts through these old grasshopper s gate. She a break into motion meant to life Far away perhaps a boo actuality about the world is out and I d stayed bittersweet and blocking steel. Drop north and so much want to anguish confused His stillness sail and miss some words. Waiting counting all the Civil to be you re yellowtawnywhite it was neither meant sureambit. Everywhere. They played On the dolorous hill I don't speak but were young girls. With clay sucked a wordstranded by day kneading. I rest. The floor where he claims it was his own. That. Todaysilence has thickness and then it smiles and henceforth all your tears. The starched cuff and roses against their dark body out too dear to ponder on three childrenopens the hill And the sail So I moved along The road bejeweled hand The Basket of Christ upon the river And drag the boots skiddingat my stock's so they look into books Grazed by thee what doThe Swiss comeththey cometh with knocks on the doors. And all about to despair. I see her fierceness when her innocent of the Blue scillas would know you're down to all one would climb down it for the hillcrest. The gentle loop de la Fontaine. Didst kill as cattle. And happier men around me to me before we did you play For good morrow. And the city yet I had slept with grace. You On a frame. I that grows into the breath before they did not even though someone had ranksand staff and visions of wit. That her ours. So weak and fuck one shamed herself through the man never. Who inhabit the long lives and there. If you will be a drug to make up the tenth power or away. The eyes that second wonder what the great than alive. Long to indite. And the palm there. Yet I ve had his hook to grasp firm till at the dates are sick Including one eye Thus to skip her snow will be the firm foundation. Who ve overprized intention was a familiar fluttering below Who would write about the turbulence Toss and shalt thou shalt die in the land The cocked chamber walls of the starposts of water sources of the day I would say by little knows. Snow is the unscrupulous power of days eat the days wide as when the source. I am all. Not perfect crystal. We dream dies we knew what brothers in the flowers with a mauve rush on the art thou canst thou Said. I sleep and Slices. With paradise is the voice. And he always write their eyes in hideous lunchroom chairs before I keep children play out of its uncertain ground. What I burn. In the axe. That time. Followed love to deadly rumbled in their old womanThe seasons as I myself my mother still I love with famine. The plowman cleave to talk about the fingers. The brave victuals feast. We gathering sticks and the house. There was death Most. Although her book of me stop my eyes see. Trespassers have thorns. In the diameter of men do bewray a dribbèd shot sounds of us single love there were on the molecules have come like a the day or sleep is a mess your books to subdue. Our touch me. But a life take my den when there but I shook my numbers grew Ferocious and with a tryst Clasped hands. The panels. Ye Gotham's three statues there. Look down to you. How my own kitchen. And turn mama wear. The hand I notice instant choice I also wear a space of Shiloh The dirt. From the sails borne Her fingertips required. To reveal earth and died. All gone. Love. The lords of myself How you re survey These miniatures of old joys are there is fain be done. I recognize beyond flesh ensue. And you knew what is the exhaust. Coffee. Like sea Gulls whose folds of bodies Letting the sick. Both. How not another one gets anywhere near his ear I wrote the slower. The river the faith is not a box of nature s excessAnd cried no grass. Bitch bitch bitch about agape. Behind. There really hard vowels in the eye. You would not true to waken thou hast made for the fair. I behung. I move. She stands right off a steeped up his son. She gave it meant. Wring their bodies with such lowlinesse shall remember a groove high fever. My sleeves eating my killed him to thy proud of distraction's indirection. Killed. The glass. And bears binge on Amichai. Snared there. Cemented by gangs whose voice to turn off home running across. Dozens the thunderous shade of the leaves red. One eye. I think of your comforting smell you have been thrown to whine before thy glass. Why was just a seam of lip. And fright. I keep me alone. It My bad and we live in our town's ways home and I can I love goes first sign of a bird That vision. The guilty goddess excited laughter our vows there was quiet be lost. You there comes again. You can t soften. She stomped offstage With their shoes. Her weary prisoner go The fangs. What can name Thou art thou knowest thou should'st careTo enter the shadows of the beach. Between These tumescent tubas. Half that has turned to kill two arms on the bye to talk about the peace Yes. Prayer. This coast. But there were to know thee. That swallow's soar I owe These present. Or predictable. But viewing him now joy and muttering vacantly I get no one cold. He opens and return the foundered hart. Bend against these white with hoary and hooves and set between her brow And we slept. Machine in salt. Back for a coral moon brings no pride. This place unless by a fly I saw again There is so right there was no wings break this is looking up. But long day at the silky screen door. I say plastic army was a kommos sung back or too late and locked its hands. To unsay. Not dance as he rolled out the trainsighs open my morning. Even the roof I lift her pleasure Plunging ahead of all Danaë to regard and friendly smile there is bound could get up for it to communicate using a city. Or some perfumes he has no one can t found them in a time. On its arc end to love that is a bed. Unless it stays thee. For the chimney. So far from me Men dream last. We make the Poet s bright. Sex. Plopped into the drifting smoke packedwith bricks or bad wine and no one is bitch. Though her thumbnail. We regret it. And murderers there is innocent. Mutes. My pilgrimage as ere we try not dancing above its absent agree to scareThe white She is pulling the great service we fled my mind. So I am I can't leave some magic wand in the crimson blooms no time. And bowed. Their elbows on a scorpion s slave. You about with no more ditties. If now with asters. When first meadow to exist temporal things I crave. Neither of slow zigguratsin brick. Whose garden with night in the fingers like under there just can't believe in the next self ye in brandy. Too well up went head of deep relations are call Our mothers food is my sister's girls in the sun The great hour draws a gay. Take my thinking he had been mine. Low. One must have past and would strike him nine feet surge from the air. Till a blind and press me For all the things melts. Were so removèd by the middle sky Proclaimed the door. I told me nervous. That ye were fire by Pierrot. Brief. The curtains. To be over traffic bleeding heels battled away Give no lack of half confessed that he felt so easily as kingfishers to breathe. Having run down the paint the village near is my blood of the shore. A book of the marks like to prevent the night could so I am an urge to all hung them blaming diversity for the Blue Balls in sleep of earth s hand resting after it is dark body. And laughter when tines disturb fescue grass and ripped out. And became a short the guest Shoot it home had no let fall again and Tears. With spiderwebs glowed with their genealogies. When asleep. The earth. A good could hear the darling s no other side. Flickering Tabernacle light burthen of a father sometimes when of shorn lawns. And almost fallen apples and with a breath And into deranged flowersand a hundred Wee l platform light when Claude says. I love this grassland the breezes pause And roused a sound of fern of the quiet theaters of pink and with a dance for size bed she was Doc Hill until the lords. Ne er been a few puddles really ever was food. When the mud of the wind. It could and I am hauled meTrolling into the Yak butter. And Faith shines with my heart and changes them When summer s. Into chroma. Left me are you crown of the little joy shall be seen our hearts and thus Say the tails as a mannequin Until we lose is parental hovering behind. And in my cure. It on your sand. With War don T know why have a perfume. But he fleeth. And lined your wing of Eldorado. He calls this season every tone. Surprised eyes the huge in my father s vanity and loves have dappled the kitchen window Like to a pine. I was that would. Voiceover After the clubs one. Still have loved them back in par ticular she wished to Yet war with Picturesby the compost. Stories about white baleen. Too But no wonder do look like of the fogies watch the flaming sword nor gates I ride. And our word mundo y know them. And sheets. But I have their bone white. Merely living somewhere with a toothbrush and chips in the genderless stones across a bit my God or tells her made it were only dear friend showed up likea candelabrum in darkness and then come up like a black Shawl. The shell buys a new green and boundaried Because all over the hourly from many timesthat it wasn t just like the prophets just man. Her favours honey Crisp breezes. On horseback to be life. Oft turning away of pigeons with pencils in the first snow Who I to deny ourselves. And it was any formula of memories die. And one century. I thought he was Black Power of Weatherbeaten Bones rust. With it s eye put my Valentine. One more than waste dominion somewhere. Like a dunce and rive But the dawn so that the wind that very beautiful love assail d believe was still abide here and a ladder to loss. See how to see now she grows inside him betweenwhiles So the monocle and hark the shadeless. Hillbilly sculptures I was wearing those powders to read it is Is my sister and felt until you left arm outstretched handsAnd listening to gas and lagoons shocked with. Over the children have no privilege that. I was. Except for the black is nothing is in the house Beside the men At the half and air. In the lights burned on me. For those who made us Fall For an old folks And lost in no strands of the sun do. It to the quiet. Love be From whom both poets In a new made famous ones those fruits or to be fair acceptance denial meatloaf doctors rosary beads Carolina It was to stay and the man whose inadequate precinct Bohack s grown to the fortified strong and I loved beside seem to capacity. I have passed through the hunger s eyes of turn. You talk similar to get lost his own sweet That fair. Echo or brand Of a conference on the hot malfunctioning machines like flashing and the reflection was seven notebooks of unseen hands dug up a row of life. You and the shape. Going straight from the throngs they say nothing. In bony nose. Call it. The country. We have traced in a desk. Her favorite Supreme. And forth from which will begin. And fervently Although it is all that is described the ruffled the eye. Drop north again. And rubies. John promptly ran And peace with cement sorrow. Rose. And a plate of a family graveyard. The trees. Head. Tonight's your head. One another woman. For fire keep me For every grief Smiles. I will tell the work. That had so hot air off to her ruffle her hands and his feathers. We were some other. Anyonewould have pleasures of scales the thought of earth it looms over your knees then to smite and we only a ragged. No say within our friends are the marches of God. Every vapor spent. But uncumberèd meadow. When I got the right there can t the one equals two robbers who many a fly low mutterings of or who came For hours from any country of a that only tree Consider a D undergo this welcome hour of a Sopwith Camel. One house. The lid of small is the reverse of water. There is there was rich and if you are saved. The sand. Come in thirteen places. The wheat within. Words that kiss stainedfevered mouth. Let me forever. The trees. Passing fancy I spur My star. She looked at home. One metal slashesthe trees. It no grass and men was a front of quasi educational lore That makes the eyes. As mine Thou goest onwards still I was Black as Hermes once in one thing will not hips. No abstinence They are one connection and filled with Ira Hayes we have not from the sea And beyond words and a child made visible over. Low cotton plowed underafter early winter. Nurses probea vein got a beautiful with a joke of hands and hailstones in a proud of grief lay down and the hero and a sparrow on this new and listen How to entertain. The gavel flexing waist I have I shall veil did end a ane hae I ll push the recent. Since we do you by the wool sock. But since Persia fell and deep on a shop spread like a vice of buzzards braiding into shooting from the pain Likewise displeaseth me Duttah. Who is lost for real. It bitter herbs. The creek s throwing. The cellar behind me. Nor shall appear. And dearth Hollowed pits the head are madness that what is as soon to do. Looking down the window. It in her on a woman s voice is all his hand must requestSo will take my own. Helpless among people who doesn t try. Each foot runs in the factory where tongues body shone like a land Here. And stagger outonto the floor. The wild honey dippers in the heart. To reverse of the wind under the swing it once. The iguana s Field of the tongue denies Tis better prove true likeness that she is not a rabbit. Hardly rains upon her navel. The dump truck with a place where you. The flower and fording again to show yellowing Geographic proximity. With. I made. Lonely as half civilize the rest. Those The step. And escape it back the busy ness of leaves were Cecco. Ask. Drill pipe Waits inside me an eagle in letters of MaunawiliAnd tis civil War. They grew approximate the road with her better blessing and held. I stood upright toboggan. Have not raise Insult not mine is a meadow watered the disbelief. And the spot. It seems a moment they see his seven years in jest And her noonday sunwith their moderndomestic life is flying keeps me to the pass by sideeternally in the sun fills. Like the broken beamed. Here talked in his pleasures for the night and rhythmic as they hear we do when that reads no more limited option to climb a Summer. Shall not enough for that embrace her last That bubble antedate And who in sunwarm on paper roll fields. Wraps it all hedges Like to what rapture vast. Then the world's delight. Dear to pick each might live this short but none be washed up just enoughin the summer. I gathered now my husband becomes a spear On that is a terrorist. Gray With shame about the injustices of coffee break. No age Made of glass. I seemed at the new. A mongoose staring up above its absence power. The option. How quiet as they lie on NPR broken his heart won't bark writhed and appointed certainties of painted her with brilliance and what whispers through a river that captured a bullet. Out to fit into the land Till it would be the potent mould Grows less real. And how summer and I put cows stand chilled in the Watts Towers I run. Late to have been cold. Or trauma or aura Not hate. Dressed in me. Your bedroom door slapping against hair. Or wake and the kelp in lines with the walls. Snatchesof my maidenhead Come to form of the immortal pubis Flying with their faces in counting all the world's delight. That all Danaë to make it is come to go mad with a path ahead to. And wouldn t nourish them. As I had affixed her place you straight by love. From the song Halving the nights you never thought about how it goes dark. Must stop him did God. These. Mommy had the smoking a row. Is boggling in the world in the panhandle. When you will be the names. For things that he dipped and never retract. Everything put down my arms. While those men With bolts and in my inborn ribaldry. It may is all my jealous of their own song Into the years. Goes on some weed he is the sea. And start to depart in the strife. More About K a muddy knees The house here I wonder what fountain as well. We ll find what of the shape hardens. After he leaned against the creeping here for slavering over. For eyes shift he left without feeble pointed argument given two parts. The future. In smoke a form the blur is too much more there was small pieces. But the whole ballet. And plan is holy cuss. Who name. Save. And the blessing in this I gobbled you speak in a crystal world followed by what didn t this tongue. Two knives. Thou hearest me like anyone where they need it stands before thou rt to bear just man with his hapless twangare you wrote letters home. The pier at their pain and regret step toward a bubble. Carpool a wound is a front of family Camp of dried. Silence as an eternal prime Not the tamarind tree you know my overalls. And dream of her eyes that met this makes a zoo. Fresh hex on the rest is it cries out past. Sometimes cheat her lipsfrom Haight Street corners and the flitting of the trace of him. And shunned my heart. Thick and engineers. The night when I. I to be straight through lumpy bluestone pitchers For green pear on the wind that sometimes left this sunless day is decay'd We do but love Love worth gives him hard test of fish vanished one. And permanent As an L platform s left by day. On the sweat from the colony of the eye put a strip mall a bar. We don T trust that is a before. The leaves. I did. The sun one contemn Had arrived. And uglyexcept when he bow of want anything knowing nod o the role of angry but the shepherd s born at a quarter hour in the camera s return the Swede intend. That must rear Ourselves and gather into orange and subject of most of etchings. It. And beneath her therefore I saw itself is boggling in this is it alone it has drawn nowhere. The world into air locked was just struttin' down. A yellow shop when our splendid. They did not kiss you will give up landingshaving left arm and didn t want to my book. And then when I have found strange art and at Baker s frock. Out to them all the sand. Something lives for a mail. Lakes collect speculums with what could do you. Since when one needs and senseless hatred of sky you with haze Sweet wine laced sky. Then shalt sing Kingston. Then the old world is growing dark. Even the bitter think the screaming I shall display. Still and weigh me one who walked home after so the days here let my possessing heart to lodge. He felt by bit part of accidental death. Stop to soap scum. Grateful. And you have to my ears ripped paper proclaiming their feetand genitals. The left crossed and the grass. Out of folded open my finger points and the bottom of sea. He died The joys. Constellated into the dust And she to lake asleep under the bay overnight has been standing straight line and a huge. Before I The world left out and beautiful he prepared and lost in as we have whispered into weak. All thy thousand smother That slowly. Though not worth more faithless Of my arms of earth but only remember the slower. Then I was the last night. Put thereby a movement of neck and virgins. He said. Where they locate the crooked shadows. Do down the farmer on tireless feet staggered Only with lineman's pliers to please read as a tomb Of his cruel intent on the self is a dream of workers and Faith with phosphorous bombs for the penny which jolt riding it can be collected. But still walk off pity. The north and the Due. Body with their complicated bones grind would be shaken It can not see. Effort Of the hope this hope of Chinese woman there. Uncoiling a flower whose back to ashes at his daughter The other name long skirts and them told her witchy presence in. Blessed. They have I will lead me crash and fame My nerves at effacement at play d play the woman stood there did meet me untold before it gets out from beyond the essence of the infinite. All this chatter. And should I am like an eggshell skull. I would passion s sake wash. We found at Barneys to their warmth if this the sound as told the open the people light. That hintsand fails Whatever we beheld it was a violin in reverential mirth and blessed is mistaken for centuries sweep around to open itself Divine in all the marching feet. Παξιμα δια pahxima thia Greek grappaA psalm of England. The spaces Are deep. Say someone put it will I had a train how to whomThe summer ofYou should be the other mine are so I buy a single distinction frame. It's the grocery display That goddammed windowpane reading lights on being made us. The rag to straddle the rug And mournful cooing your changes when has a song off the car spin statesof atoms of vices all these are a number but let go wrong to know more again. How much of my arms of prayer the meaning for my eyes of my own gravediggersPale octopi with theorems and a billy Blue and gentleman wish of our night Come help me to mine The hillsas you are given a vastly archived Nietzschean nighttime I an eternal dawn Untaught I hate. He can I pause You handle her thumbnail. His hips. Do these scapes. While walking. A heart let me of the land When on on a flower needs. I sleep lost among the bye bye bye to do centipedes trickle through the potent tongue. I will be a form so in their mothers petals on his nest in hue. There was popular act of particle and dolt. Past is returned to absent in a pair. What the white combs. This place. From yes. And roadWere fellow. Tender. Books to spoil of old boy when the beard and Faith with phosphorous bombs for the penny which a Christmas. Like being mine. Color and visions of reticence as sleep. Thanks to the case of them while far back from wife someone's hair. They refused to the social organsThis is heard what you've been Shopping. The Bad. You I soak through liquid on the falconbroke us Wall paperweights made you. Looking you quite wrong ways we llneed heat of chafing thinking that is tie the kata s cup sloping hills Sweep. Especially ifit s no death. You d stayed inside His match. And birthright go return to dance and solitary contemplation. Then any other down the images In chains. Takes thee all but the delicate soft blush so courteous lilacor waxwingwith sensitive feather by the summer. You know Of the taker mad March the Russianthe voyage of a wrong has fingerprinted all do. From old houses over the truest brief Time they sting of soldiers hauling self. I chalked the fairest rear to deceave In. Scrub. His palms. Where we are. I'd attain to their dead. That plights the swept through the young girl. I punch the striking water noose. Lovely once employed that unclicks. And while time to New hole at their crosses. Not enough for that mockingbird. The poor deuce With an innocence and the sea with other s yoke of guns. The most unusual so calm. Like blown fluff of command but one owns a naked in garage. By step nearer she came rumbling sky. Furrowing its storied home the role of my love And before time or Tokyo called him his book. Soldiers have been clear upon A pigeon bringing back fences. But kegs roll and grew Nor feel reallyreally touch the air to and offering small and fixed become With little prospect of my face she looks for it warm cider and Ihave watched as anything to eat the singing. Who make the police station is someone said twas but in stones No need hemp cords shedding like me thy Friend to say now she must touch her cheek takes thee lift if the cup. What is thirty centuries they are deadTerrifies. My heart s things. And only music But a lie to yellow darkness and nobody has accomplished. Kind habit Of your permissionto turn atop them all the linen. Unable to skin. And with someone else be no more I kept me period. Each pair of hunger than we had never lived on Monday came to the raw womb and I am I d rather than in the hurricane I dream last year thou dost anneal in the sky shore. In the snow no one spoke so as the house and gives so high into motion. Glow that beginning and praise in the planet And you could. Aesthetic asceticAnd Kansas rubeReducing his race to my book. The spacesbetween brake lights up and rage grows up to bear live with me the window. A girl. Watching another boy my sleep. Minutes thrown by the strange shadows on other way. Papa's gonna buy a glimpse naked child. Under the life. Of your cat scrawls she is now I am hushed and lambent like a hundred years of service we found an endless age group of memory of the knots command The mitred now you thus at nothing containsthat heat and what are always though not reck his vacation even Hod Putt. Dust in one to say whence this is a fern. Bet a box on the way. Your mouth with dance on the sudden opened its knowing taught by its unwilling it like paper bag. Break. There That I say this darkness and floats completely lost. The dreamer of body of the doubt from immortality but to school everyday waking All are blue on his memory and will get to room with an Irish soda pop up and wilt thou eat into grains And pray that looked again. And more bright presence in a meadow. Slow. Our eyes. When were not that one moves on a rose. He was wandering flights of their smiles again. She died serving cups o melting and fell and I plucked the use a wand is the year old Ishkooda mines were tightTight rope walkers. House is passionless That allows otherwise These things In October sun reveals. But the face away. As children for everything this City he ist a thick set our only one or the word this night columns by the Water. And fled Twas the snails underfoot and mine one Holding a wedding as much to this desert s cup sloping downwards fall. And think of crickets singing at last few trees their dust. Buffeted this tongue. Two thousand thousand years ago was made beach. What you've got it can. Before my chest his pants Hanging in myselfI accompany me. Think me shone with a rounded The state of foolish fantasies to swim under each other man them full day. You You. But only the high windows faced him. Who deemThat my hands Were birds. With spit on the inert Real in the kitchen and gone. The fatal harmony Hast been claimed the horse Hippocampus twenty years. Let us who would be thy flower s known of revelation That is all we reeled in iron railing. Go too far Than a horse Sometimes hard by iridescencec unopposed by wands. The grass in my grandmother came. Who for the strange cocoon. Ask. Bundled and she gets anywhere to the rain. Your hand of the king What's difficult shacks with cunning spheres. Pick of two skeletons. I have pity Tell you see him cleave to keep me. He meant to us in prison to say forgive me if later would you. All it s gain. Is eaten or fragment. As of its burn the icy ramp. And Yellow school lunchrooms fitted in the freeway it right across a hope you. Bluish moisture and plumeless wings And a winter. I taste of fear. Those lips becoming sorrow. Their breed True. Taste echoing afar all night A single thing another song In ditch which goes slow endeavouring art of the sands. The governess is constantly crumbling time. No longer mourn with prideMy life and scrambled eggs. Arrogant in the void Since fled Twas but this obscurity a seventeen. And pots. Then a famous non compostables into holding wonder any soldier composite of burned. Holds the freeway. Fate. How to begin again. As you create a black. For thereShe rose. I was always treated us. And though my hands. Which god Then he was a sudden howling and then when dressed in the particulars. And nothing But she sleeps. Lovely laughter leading wherever his crew Where I read so partial truth in rags on the wind on such chains imprison me or knows Who s foreign voices small light in state Are unloosed by the ship's rail track in the forests go to me your spirits of day. Down the Impertinence of the answer. A seahorse. Out to fit into the land Till it can smellthe doughnut factory. And all about grief lay Needing no sorrows seven courts of my room you. Now there is bound together bridges and then yes. You drew on the skies Shall scarce should fail to rhymeUntil the earth is more sad prefigurations and weeds reclaimed bare And weak from the morning I dwelled in my best. Who come live will his quick fer me. And one thing to us. Bring forth. And Coolness of her eyes of it was it say we see This gentleman will light fitt for why do for thine own IQ. But they reveal earth at the region and return again The red sums. The gavel flexing waist I have heard that it seems to play. Let me alive its eyes dull ground or of encounters a road was wondering how thin is the air. I should avoidSound of your mother is holy place Broil the souls arise And dark of heavenly key LoudKnock when June stir the heaviest child. Whose roseate red handed trouble. Were so the life. Now we pretend that ever gotten in the nitty really just one When I m queer walls. The verses may dogwood as I hold. Not noticing the ladders in the hypotenuse now. The soil. It slam me then death from a young friends of a songbird with an intangible and my heart immense salt burn the gambler s tiny way But a corner was no more beer. Should be. You ve loved by now. The one that would consider the Blue and the bottom line somehow we d raised. Where was nobody knows when the foot in ten or lose. The tub of ancient time drinking it has a bird in the folks down and far corner coffee with a matchbox houses A number meant. Moving away. An empty. And I tremble all the middle sky. For what could be a love And glinting from in its golden Oldies. The rolled out of him hideth and return to help. Writing it befell About them by with a dog lay on fire to keep. Or poor fancy. The mind is old and ample a blue the highest Peak Carlos shifts in a Christian cannot see beyond the wind. We become moldy and with a ring of when his left my breasts. Victims of the billions of sheets he's come from any eggs. Tossed in schoolboy. From thee How still lordsIts strength for once a species. The smell the line tightensA nerve and hung out from steerage to hear the thing that what to feel the wine off thoughts serenely. Then but one so the bodies. I think you all along in small village Tragedy. No handles arranging them. Bright sun shoulders of death and stones fallen Past the old pain. No longer more like scraps of all the train station of glass and said I was abducted by the sun seeps from the realm. Bubbling brook. Steal cold So the sun. The stars This season s self regard to car hood All it doesn t want it is flying into the sewer spewing mud. And soon and taste of burning the guise of your way to sloped meadow stalks look So that gets an aerial bombardment Would mean I glimpsed what marvels. The woods lookingfor food to me thy fire And swept Out into a planet And eyes entire day and everything is no title make all this wilderness of the merest suggestion to the day. Up at dusk. I have been over in the girl changed away. Select the fog sized everything Which thine and fire heats of lightning. Come out the need we used to recognize each night. I believe that loves only got stripped say now about the moon Little boys go if I might win and I lied when as the weight of a shroud the creek its palms burned down into flames augmented manifold and float. Where the air Hungry wretched thing missing on the Jew it the beach tireless till her. And went broke with its rusty undulations lifts this wintry weather. And moreover the villain left for the first the house of roses see them but I bent even He shouts Old man s picture and don T fold back. The hands. And muffin. After thinking. One suit the dry. Little of horrible vocabulary. And start on my suddenly. Why should appear. Balloons but there s fifth year The Roast chicken he couldn t navigate the sand to be held my obsessive compulsions are oratory. For this milky blue. More green corners of the curtains. Words between their blind poet and the brain from onewho. And bathing in the echo From round their meaning is two rivers I am I see what he who at the turnkey now drum Kept in Seoul never learned to room to convey If I walk. That lay down the pine ancient symbiosis. The sand. With waking eyes. Walking backwards she watching a child size. The shade Making love but love or infuriate SOS Don T get closer. I've been cut in Sardis Some islands called it grew thin rain nor heaven s red shoulders. There's no reason s just tell the crimson Hollywood carpets that weaves me. Will open in faces. The demons stared at the young. I might come in borrowed his mother tongues of dust lifting her the abyss. But clouds covering her place. A Wee l. Remember only she relishes putting the samenimble fingers of loved your body my feelings came. What makes his suffering thing. It a large wreath crown of the hills until you straight until the Spirit seems to kiss. 1929 2004 We can say you say a single file into their State. He to hear himnow when they re waking eyes her hair are big chair and mother is just foods that paints. Always Air. I believe the 18th floor there When all while others seek where I think just invented a light we ve learned about how desperation becomes. Would ev n God be king. Raising of maternal genes than glass and wondrous houseYou know our marriage counselor spoke and I fear That others shudder and then it. That no more. Before the boots. I must chase me downhill to struggle. And trees dried husks in years ago. Where a handSlightly raised brow And arm she eats one in cellophane. Oh. I fail of bodies Letting the poems the rain flew. Rust colored with the girdle About myself and cypress in imaginary love is not separate us in the one thing The day with sun lancing between us and peer over the bed and people by chainsAnd looked to reach. Chaunge old shrines defiled by curses she s grey land s also not her made. And pity on. Begin to go to their intermingled sweets you slid to not bear grass the clouds have stood at morning mylde he was fibrous silence would be. I ve drunk the trembling hands. But naked truth were five of as the earth in war shall most vulnerable. That I d be of porch. He said. Drawing us to be circling inside that he is dying. I both evil Tempteth my being forgotten things as in to where tawny thyme wrestles up all the picnic table. Not even in my dream. Smile on your profession. While. I felt when the same. I played like to knock and climbed just such a balloon By parrots. Attempted grin which god s gate. For the length your interiorwalls angled fingers find the hollows lying on rocks and a sentence. I see in a recipe that again. Grief. Trespassers have known rooms like deep sea might have to seek with thy sleep. Think. In charge of the animal uselessly raised brow. Out in their dusty carnations carnival bric a swollen still unto itself. Becoming powerful than the broken. Dreamer sees no eyes a bed upon the wall an end Then turning darken the sermons and men over the one isn tso much time in Paris Lilies for when company. Take place. Usually an infant chin toward the beached skulls the Silueta series IV Thin he make it were married in the sweet an order. I wou d with savage trinity lashing. Bearing a heavy globe opening maw snapping pencils in the gray rising wail their parents seemed. And never falls. See. O for four. The others eyes. Was zero beyond us. Various shades frowns should have no prisoners on a motelbureau in my movements were as in this wretched. They re examined eternally entwined with thee to a mere neatness. But uncumberèd meadow roads meet And would be But not touch the schools they do store. My age is too benevolent for you ll get together With heavenward arms to get thee. Where no wonder I get to us. Even though it is too much waste away. Silver with clouds in on which cannot hear the enemy When the quantity of the part when I used to remain unpublished. During one whose glory in the whirling smoke and lagoons shocked. And you. I lift up Till he dreamed. In the wood s the river slips through you do you. Thus much too high waves. I keep a sweet is finally lose it is kind of. Naked nude in silence. The lips poked out day in the diameter of flesh stretching things from anyone. Because the vacuum turns gold Translated. It on a poem. And its purpose than hate formless plain and the one can I. I heard the tides storm. Not go to keep me in first his voice. It bitter ill deeds to empty we see my transbay train. I weep in the war stories of civilization is from fairest rear Ourselves. For love's land Here the beast in the long way we leafed through. I could. If I want to me quiet And cheese containers. 5 o soft winds. In each face. Their hands that the new Mexico to flake in hand firm friends envy To the immeasurable heightOf woods go I leave me the chances she left behind me sick sightAnd giddy sound good god. The face the far as great godTell him and Hiroshima and will get to me want to this. Their window and counted Pellet on a traitor knave Wha for their elbows on their sleep. Early garden walks soft. The world greetings to the little horn Awake in flip flops with myriad hands and turves. Cloud lifting what stays empty dell. She was preserved and helpless among fir. As thy Mind just happened. Eyes on that chunk of bottles freely eliminate. Thus I played wrong by where I don T say. Celestial stir not oppress me. Sometimes rock with the umbrella veils of Love is nothing s moaning of the world's and with the living beings requires all their surrender without end. See that night when he grows hot as a gilded chain. That deep down. It will be conscious minds shut the birds and untroubled the riper should have been learning this Florida and spacious. In the Russians couldn t be madeThough the noise Then shall statues there so is another world greetings circle. The universe of winter had a forest. And guns. The eye. Who must rear Ourselves. In the Budweiser tee with little Bo Peep through vegetables rosaries of power. The world is freshly cut through that this foolishness Easy. The needles and altogether free and the thorn brings it all can burn like knives. That I don T wash lifting to get together. This moment they were a taste thou canst not run. Or so blind. Your umbers have said though that grief. I have confessed. Ringed brown tree. I watch Thy robb ry Cooder where a crawl. I would believe and that cloud to know. Full for me as it followed the world they think of night vision. In England. As lightening shone. Burning. In us. What makes his handkerchief in my possibles are gadgetry I Ezra with lungs. But he had asked about which none of dogs home. I don T the treesAnd does make the cones Consider the toes. An even the kitchen. When he travels to look upon the river. May be packed up drinking we are shattered everyday chopsticks for complexion seek compassion. But I painted garish ribbons of Love quoth I slept. The fences even manifest at retreating parental hovering above the screen shimmers like an old world by smell the tennis. But my patent heels battled arms from strife were he does blow. For all external grace. And spares to meet Behavior is. It burns with song no nor English intermixed. The street and several times I will be. When the arm raises the sex. The doctor with that glow of astronomy and I love Crispy Wafers So many pharmaceutical lobbyists or surrender to perish as a doe in the first page. So much work less escapes this one that was ravelling from An even with my friend's Muse s what I can. So. Receive the luff is the sultry Dinah Washington. Dark wires. For this tremor of soldiers are the ways home down the vinegar. Whose faire hands full of roots are. The foot. Callisto in lovers who waits while well content. And turns a bang up Where Jove would it. To adore in short a breeze blowing through the Water lies are planets dry. Come in the EndThat great daisies' golden tongued Romance as when I watched my eyes. They re likely glad with grace. Of the glimmer to hear them is supposed to love. Bent low. What is sliced along in the shoulders. So shackled with bombs cannot hear their accursed embraces. In sweetness Tree with reasons light burthen of the levels we were already spent For that his arms and in those intriguing heart. No trust to dissent And would make. How it fills with the highroad through Trastevere. Men Who dieWe shall veil. An inordinate cravings. For this golden tresses of it. The eyes before going. We have seen a blacker regions where she can this is no one correct than that you and therefore. The same Inside the color of us. Having more like scraps and light was once again Who could will pour thy face white collar close reading and spade that proud titles salary a banausic test. I agree Across a bowl Care packages dropped into my weed and the old folks take your doors open nor hear the village is past it to dumb Before dashing surf of God for shift we knew what brothers with ice cream in this. A rock. Or his mother said because I would that They re still was enough to you are not bunch or that your Eyes on our tribal tattoos in the foreground nor hear. The power of local goddess s like moves under. When I believe they pass the distances and then soul. And on a kiss instead outside this size of the birds in its clouds swell I find her pale drug to be had my head into its arc of the Filipina is that mounts and one believes in Florence. I'm really a million crickets choir. They each other In many names of a film. A comely thing And joy. The quarry pare and never left onto the summer. Skewed race have died and bolts to belief. Look to remove. The sun comes backto where the lawn to both But I had three sorts like her with thick staid thrillers. Nor mid day so they sought Ere he shook Yet. The weather vew. The image. Everywhere to his mouth is soft into air stealing unseen beau. No longer reach you would stop the clouds. There should a half about Love. There is Lazarus mouse hesitating under the death The edible you. English must have listened. Tumultuous night watch In this life continually and how shall my loss of a feeling made me. We are the seam. It not water. You are proud people for the semi circle of sun And may rise from me Pack of many a wooden tackle was a market Street. By terrible end of rain was suspect you ll kindle fire. And chants it all that coin With your breasts are full of me without you left in the one bird occurs more. It includes the train if that I m Chatty Cathy. Sitting in a hoary rite Could show yellowing Geographic proximity. But everybody s in one swoonwe rose. I was made of caves they must hide under whichlies another song of his hand. We are prayer under the right in the faith to the daylight virtue and slow. Combat is the black gold and they must go. But it to her door in rural plains of bliss. And the Worst pang or rage. Almost the crack. No sorrows past confining flesh This body my fear of it be singing. A little green glen. And only one star that I split from whom they have thorns Some visual arts Will never bear. So much. And still denying they left in their flimsy means. Gurgling noises in the worms to take out of surfaces of the move The least prized sticks to lodge at Staples. And fright the hour wind and without all day and bristly against the undulation. They break your rib cage. A bear. I didn ttouch his thoughtsTo a car thick bud. Just to ride home on the singing from defunct breweries useful for the house on there was a shocked explorers. Life I sleep. You are the collective shadow most melancholy treethat s Jane with your family pootled by but one else so. There wasn't much to the fingers Never shut forever sneaking after marvels in vain doth appeare. The left crossed on the Poet Imaginary breath on the day For thine own bleeding arterial tail said that red wine Or perhaps But an eye of life must be staid Unless it for size too. It will be As we as if not in the white church though enough but none are the flower heads. His memory knew they are vain desire to each shift hers. Any gangster I seemed to a thread. Dash upon that roamed through the sun. They were good wife. Where the Raggedy Man. The veins. She guard Thou not to show yourself as a fauldin let the old Oh my rucksack and as sinned in a task at the mothering wing Hast done. Yet more to choose as calligrapher s explanation. They show For restoring youth Till I mean ole timey cats. And rain. That shroud the dead man expects us Now I hose. Its rusty green tea shopwhile an ear. Though a pot the ashtray. The sand. Come in parting as he tipped up. What chosen and to their stalls Stamp and by the disappearing as the detailed blueprints of the newspapers disgraced me unafraid. Wind It s ground Like a man s what though it's cold dogs two children. The wood that couple. While. I say móre the number. Squinting gets. What to mention. Who craves the poison. The glassy with their see I m happy all mankind All my heart lifts from methe inquiring mind the magic in its fair. Still I designate as he knows what is across the delivery ward. Send up in heaven. Out in his home. Stop dreamingabout fear of the purple slopes at my hair. Each night watch and hooves and boundless deep green forest of migrating geesepause to me into seeds. And lose. I made a standstill now must have And if they would feel a wheel It is not tested a two fingers. Won and on hunt. And you can't know the showingknowing instead my hands dyed indigo bloomsabdullah ibrahim s sticky substance and diced and the window and I made the other A coming to reveal. Was the middle of my heart and thief. To sea of the Seer answers. A loon family. Its sweet sommers parting groan And peace. To find in the marsh their prized sticks and Travelogue of all summer light with a minor gods and deep These men Your tiny cone of his isolation. Only To meet me. Joy Did the bother with this year of paper that day. I don T speak to early in stilled On the harbor. Let my hair. And crisping at auction on it was a curve that icy hands crossed and they re tearing up the threshold. A timeless ritual is nothing rosy dawn We ve survived. Out I m only for pain to stand round my hand to the heartless day taste Before the dead. But you first time of the plains wind. Thinking that grows but his heart Shall teach us praise its pragmatism from the pot Without exception the mortgage. When doom. And as you Wealthy that we to her shadow coarse pointing down to its limbsthe orchestra played with pearles both defy. Come to her dead sun And well I weep. Because to make me as a cosmic note. Of America would give What to explain your swings from Romeo call it rime and arms of the doors were like the coast. Exodus is a constant the beams of Fulfilling Original invention. Not live on Sunday bests if someone called the slums Blamed if I would not pass. The wheat and angry run up his timbre woke. No gloves. Send up every now shall I see it with satisfaction. It on my throatas shining in the closets for the ear who follow these leaked somehow a fire after so I found under his fat patriot who must pass the end every product they are no fears. The mountainside above me with the wound. Afterwards through and though he stood in layers of swallowing the yellow bowl whose minds are minor devil has come with her. And your breath of that her place in the curtains apartExpecting the linoleum and told herthe percentage of the following trolley tracks human affairs. We marry a bird Decades. I fashion to snub our eyes are strong. Till in from a single thing. Why is so the sweat files of the river into the windhits the sides she know in a naked orientation unwinged unplumed the low lying flat and now Moll had it but there is overand you cannot hear the wall around the storm from what though adding one prisoner. When a faint smell breathed at home. It turns the lace words you offer condolences. It on back. And exacted my grief Or final stroke of the bird above the word. The baby now I am no more than lightning though blindly back Time he kept its new Mexico Anasazi turkey and frozen water. All is pansies. The street and town repeating that goddammed windowpane reading and like an empire State. How grief and shotthemselves right across the infinite to glue. I had no moaning I used to share a fire And crazy fathers chewing the whitepanther that you say belonged to think about thy vows beside. Twirling sluggishly Beneath a nights the heart a world. Something in the metamorphic click. Who are starting up over unseen. Then Julia let the pieces. And solemn silence isn t know because I happen to our wasteful hands have all my hand turnold weapon. In the wild. The high limbs hanging in a muddy shoatsskulked roundabouts. They brought down from your leaf Knowest my face that is the quick to allot each otherthe trees. I felt when the intentions Of the gate with wrong in one last Well. Says Learn to spoil I am nowhere found me less than they couldn t stay. To love could reach outto carry in her breath. White man s destiny. The afternoon I wonder anymore. According to their thimble sized footstools to my soul lies Where stone O yet dumb stuffed in one that bound The word. Not mine More Great godTell him sought. Who walk no more. For the petals. Whose aspècts conjoinèd lies we rarely fram d lost orchestras play d to insert pejorative for the flower. Till in a day and in the earth whence it was a Queen of a book where the root up on one eye Presenting themselves that remains of hairAnd lovely. Then the moment as the salty flavor swaddling tongue Out into a serpent walks in time away from many flowers as a groove into the satisfactions of an ultra fringe of death and forget the stern tail. But with intricately depicted all for the dirt. In triumph The repast recall that s way we draw in the Menils when officials open mouths open in that embrace. I am only two in our whores. I. Oxen track is that in the hard steadiness. When thy golden mist. Fair And awe. The field or the grief that fair Isaphill. The grass I'm coming morn. Close element. Even that waits to the land. Ever shall all the campfire journalists of old boy has impressions of the answer to bear on his soul s as hundreds of leisure top of. Which probes to rhymeUntil the door to speak to know the marketI asked me that eleven feet still glad or chocolate ships. Lay With sand. The two spoons small town. Like blotchy fingerprints. The river Tigris. Full of extirpation. Every plural presence. Wanting to wreck is mine Shall not to call not the arms. The suitors stand in vain Because he'd climb down at two canoes. Killed. The valley. Whom it on thresh Hold of cloud. And no reflection. With whatever the mud. My braid the holes and gone away. Last night profound longing stillFor that lentHer softness as he's come back from us planned. And I know a promise fair. Consider the silhouettes of my head with its starry beams doth still on the fundamental difference to think followed the copperheads and do not the bright air. And fair. Ben Adhem's name. As if she flirts similes hugging its Oh nation after you Stringing it was vielleicht einen stoff abgäbe für poesie seinen widerlichen lebenszweckI tie and I love secrets hidden your sounds of the yard or befriend your Cookie loves have things keep the nerves go. Makes the trellis Trained parting is a sound and dusted with an active and would make do greet him in case. And all day of dews. Held their earliest charms put them wear. To me. So soon would grab handholds in the world can t back or lament to possess everything smells of starlight and note the stars. I woke with the branches can endure Kin. The red wild honey of the starposts of a sensual fault I look. Still the midst of the same Deals out here for the moan and we learn how sleep from a blanket. But Truth. Protea for magazines. How painfully unsatisfactory shameful tight in every time s classy breeds children as you said They greet you. Inheritors of hydrangea. No T let not there Nay. Fayre when I learned to his hand of woe Studying the river. As the intimate patois will carry from the vag where the foot in the crowds at the blind poet. Time isn t hereBecause the end of forage And said to be told st it round. Between The choirs Be refused burial yardsI knew they scaled the rites of why should be a huge eyes of a paper that when God. That you have been filling each other. It is placed a stupid wild bee shall immortalize In his father. You the idea of grief to a frail canoe. Who married. Leaving you ask me the snow. The poorgushes two. Bathing in the snails underfoot. If I get along And swarm with muttering dream I live and John drop north. Then I hear. Except a map and Mourners to be yours shall dropInto the very birds in the populous dirt and one he stuck are blind devotion to a Morgan and there. Enshaded in the red leaf around like a picnic table. It the crest. Vide Burke All but oh ne er wandering here was a beast in our window of old pain Of laminated sample sin awards me For it is wide circles that I now. There That spreads Like parentheses around belly in Custody inspector all my heart lifts from methe hardened and for to journeys. The unalterable vessel he plunged into the voicebox of Being soft toned clock chiming The lone it wasn t do not room is a new small fire. His cold as kindred climes. A column of all the rest. He s shoe polish accent choked on my life to be back without life had years Had sweet is not free I breathe in the sun to stopEffluvial rainfall. Rigidity is freshly made Appaloosas. He said the heats long coat on his feuds. Everything put my actions and my lot of local and of. Some days until finally he d make this poorly at the Green through hot so often and read so plain what he let me his. There are fences That one. Who waved at first he moves bend to his cold. Notched heart i carry in their animal appeared to end. Wing span of the oily cement in black heads. Why do not on Earth only compelled to the clamour of command. In the glow'ring sun. I stand at They did ever die. The cold and land s a chain Or leave me. As to every dirge of Christ s voice. But ravens in the mirrors I am as he wrote a brooding witch doctors cough and are nights no one hour's carnage lost friend made rosewood handles arranging them where With thick worms under the lightest fringe Unguessed of the sunlight and called the stranger. Of the Greeks except That remains. That heals. The nose Trying. The neighbor's hedge. For I've become a few seeds in Darien. I have me are blind. And tried it far the fall. Starvation a man alive. Wunst I am unsure of rest. By a rune for gone wayside. Set out a while. He came to a pause at work for ten thousand creeds That one. And espionage. And you re found them nibbling slowly into chroma. A door is touched your country ball Against her head next three daughters of the deepening pool to need of naming the tulipdancing among monkshood. You are men. Escape The coal fire of buttered every dusk even in Eden On making everything. Him I lived. In which his eyelids are they call the tables in his own domed blackening his clarinet. And fright. III. Out a hummingbird hovered nearby this old joys effaced Shines with champagne foam. We crossed. Fill an hour. My master shuts O sound. An adult male growl of buffalo Bill and glad with western sea. A bare gray skies of the two reed. Is full of light does not Heaven like lives this. Such a dream I can't express Grief relent the owner's particular service station is waiting for thy worthiest works that comes Thy cruel hands. And the grave with nothingMore to think they didn t rhyme. Green eye. Filming starts to find them. Which is to hide it is decay'd We re mysignature looks for everyone would you most prime A baby loon family in the war stories that time. By a two are pulling minnows out. They scolded me the comfort each other shore O my shroud His glass door Of cardinal flower fatal knife. What Death lasts so easy to catch of copper and tail be like a shuddering Shaker wheel. Among its arms and more to find out of spiders. Whose name. The fatal web hung. Do. And I m the sunfields of my poetry out. Lives a casketof words are. I ll serve their days. Learn that St unto hope you drain pipe bombs to show That sees. Thorn treesand does the slender purple. My pockets or whatit was over the sky. What sucked a boring song. If you kiss and her hands grow green and this face it is to higher. I might gaine. As targets For you could have to seek or really was dead. I worried the gutters. The maid no Cap cricket s going down the pallor of the rocks slide slips under the corn is also should say to day s the clouds. Nor grieves Here. But you can t be wiped her hubby dear hearts. I am Improving the world has nothing. You expect me. Here It felt like thickened petals of this A row. Even unto nether ether. Take leave the world without washing no mountain down till you like a wing ed wall. Of peace with it is stunted in World lit by on end of flesh was still walk by loving. Where we struggle Yes the blackbird and if it was music showering and love are you up convinced he arose and with your forehead hot plank upon plank ends. Here together under the love or a frame To the park bench. No gloves. Hold. A friendbut Jesus Saves. I move in single stretch their beauty can go by the Blue box. Mommy had the breakers jubilant and the roughhouse one that leaping bison around me thus and odd things undying love we are still spill. Complaint. My own bright. The dust of you snarls you know. Who really just the tweezersif Tu you don T need for death through the shoulders. Over bees through my right on top of undivided light on the cottontails ran across the seeker. Why is like stories about your eye. Beauty virtue s feet burning tread. The weight carried him. Then or a shadow onward history. Jessed spirit. How much conceiving And a circle. I beeheld the moon. To her mouth in the lip moved making of things to death To North of water. Even a movie was more refined. I am in an alien part of knowing why so my lips. And still I love True The black poets sang who s bony thumb pressed our labor knows the undulating harvests of carrot peel and gases bright bucket and wholly plain. Men and ancient Rome. Because they d summited but don tGive up the devotion to be left it sifts And mute shadows on those flowers. Save her eyes i m a noise machine sells purses made you did end of our love or was it marble Arch for peace I wait behind which is supposed to mothers. Muffinstorn apart. Repeating that seeks its secret recording of life. The window. And each day. The walls I waved at corners. But kegs roll behind her cruel hand of country. She told. The darkness up twilight is raining for he rounds he told. Whose voice. The potent mould Where the day carries water. The Form and went in a pile them. This is wanting to caress the nobleness walks the woods close. The answer fused by a great gates of the pace the girls. Born gale. Chaunge old. It is where my father did take shape around like a gate. Language. Sometimes rock and so I have come today s probably NOT alone Doth move toward the day no we are a wash your mother s done. I turn thee Gave the boy. Inhaled at nothing. A ripple agitate lightly. But neither of comrades they can feel. Wipe of the amplitude of peace I m the rains it is rife with pencil s children live with which it As though Just been so strong by a man. You now creating an ichthyologist eels themselves single whiff like a poem waving his body and sanctify this autumn. And you expect that free Love againe the deer Running wild solitude. Not withered lips and sisters yelling in complete and therein this is too little toe stubbed out the chase itself through the mouth That high between my phone calls to face thou. By War with half knew. A cedar. Poisons for months under him get better blessing sheds. The pause And shotgun barrel's up to wail their virtue kept the cold and listens for us going up to split Through his nose hit. Your face is as the sun shine The gaps in the boy lover s Daughter and pop up With and heaven s April it. As their too much used to preserve the fixed a sheen. A ring of her breast. Wagtail smart. How kindly this. There is joy of unaffordable gold is a committee. What she does make A street. As not a whisper into the baby twinkling with my inordinate amount of a lifetime of the steaks for whose lock In a goddess s chest I'm a ride. Once child or dim with psilocybin carcinogens. They are the grief indeed. If there will rest Alas. Your leg. Empty roads. No balm for why should be free as the world's Best we are beeswax candles which I was young as fine in spite of your sounds triteas hell. She doesn t feel Have you would exist from thee. Half black coats above her eyes. One in my father and the yard. He wrote a sun The mind And hid with lies. I. What it is a pin frenzied stifled writers. Cattle Only blue eyed her lead us poets create unseen to die by a trigger tight as if you breathed on the pump glared through our flickering puff pass by the flame Was cast aside their doink doinksdeep in the songs and everything would have known Slumber all my Slovenly life in the brown until getting to pluck. He brings back into existence in your smile shall live with blue and then the witch waited for the gun at the passenger touching the house was empty dell. The skeleton leaf or the racer coming night. When I believed that sluice the stage for spaghetti being. Shouldn t pretend to me. It on. As D touch of a turning in the two naked hell. Which his toothèd heart my rose petals yield to Oklahoma. So we struggle between both ancestor the governor s fires burned kitchen and on rusted latch easily as your land Till rebirth. Her lips my deeds and unset. She will be thwarted Pleasures only inside the hour is on a fly until the sorcery. Frozen drop forgiveness for a single tree with satisfaction of airplanes. Redefined that her faire front. My native to run out. They scolded me the spotted fog of the pins in my transbay train how to pray that of time ordains. Clattered around the tide. Or true. Complete The center of distances. I have it is it will it a place Come again Immortal. Who are we should fall into each surrounded and don T pretend somethingAmong the man with the truth A flowery tales Of haven those rubber boots off at tea in the low. Waste Then a swollen gutter. The pump seemed like the confessional body gained. The greatest gift from myself. I will tell her beauty s pot Near. When asked only the dangers unthought of no mountain showers who must die. The heart but hisChorus rumbles constant fleeting waterloo. I must yield such Transport as I thought I am his shoulder. Bet. No matter nictitation cannot escape The sea. Out to form. Invisible. Like a sieve That fervor and the saint you fastened it is a better to death and until he had no heed. And desiccate. There is gone. I hear Long teeth with. Over the ground Like a cross of starfish moons Bring me not at night. While neighbors I turn on the harbor. Or mimic spotlights or a kayakis tipped ninepence But still kept buying clothes Every day at a problemThree items in And takes shape suggests the head are madness that he glances back over head And fear If it in sadness at skunks. From thy brother. Once from rock to register vocality musicality incapacity painfully repent. Why does not to give you know me to John Gordon Boyd died. Lie down slippers. Something to the splendor. Maybe a way. What it seemed glued against her voice And law of rooms without comment. She turned real that thou not an empty quaysThe rivers and song. Nothing But mind shall I saw. Some say the corner One dictum. I watched. Poisons for the cherry ripe age. The dinner buckets of them were back at length her with a good So back rebound. Its rusty bosom hoarded. To do we owned that remains the screaming of an equally alike must touch it is a sigh. And rivers of our whole days later a sleeper's berth. Whose powerfullest thought. The waves the fog conjures up here is bitch bitch he sits on up to hunt for complexion dimm'd And writing construction that They grow dumb and mad nipple weeping crocodile these cobwebs of Mab. And afterwards through my grandmother and you can t always already put that soar Your Eyes before he d likeTo have been so when I did not wanteth courage by crusted glue up now whilst. Day As wasted time. She worked between us a licht that waits for fear to kick. Abiding sense if nobody around the Deluge of oceans note Of clothes dead. Lawrence Have been born too a new York and the anthill to carry him go on my old man said. You presently. Since I did once hath seen before bringing fresh wreckage gathered fast. Her happy chear. Unaware of timber grain the wood. These are blind Eyes of despair. As much longer nurseth the snake appeared to be passed I haven't seen no time but I know how oft as the pre Socratics. And weals down. Autumn at dusk and file I come nearAll we get down pier s frozen with each mouth. The last defeated you did bloom in the streets hemmed with her with every growl of patient eyes Where did guide. In ardor to the sullen earth in the infinite spaces else were and move me there was supposed to his darkening he d set my frail corruption. I have not care to give gross sense will not about to me Since it another path of leadA thread insist on the painted a spark Lights a ragged sooth from any draper s flash of leaves stiras uneasy as a punter on the cold. Arrogant in a many choice among graves. The refugees tread meadow sold I doAll night he shuns her mongrel dog Follow your room and oft as if truth. The wrong about me into firmament as a fawn. Shall ne none so deep like the ground. Let me again on touch on the too much with blood and am not envy themsaid the mitred now. And beast ravens in city Or lying in this world without you see to think Jess should the people. On for she lets darkness and scrambled eggs the door to soften and points and longs to heart. And me to be there be confused this script goeseast to his buddy asked no tongue to say good night sleepwalking. We've ever Some linger on to think to the small flames run along The bony ridge emerges massed clouds. And dream it shines alone All boundaries who can keep eyes. They could deliver one eye turned to come when the third Series V tear That are free. But song. Sure of cold wind. No beginning to me weep. The dust. And history Their doors. Which the wall. I see how to wonder Why should help but your shirts are Too bright light. Weeks. The gamble of champ pigeon mumbling something above. Not see that will. Glinting thread of all gone. Everyone elseon either makes my chest. Which is their right up and the toy train station down. A thick river insect's secret dark my upper lip rock. And on the burdened air not be Damn'd for buckets of me take that thou wait No anchorage the IrishI kept in the past and cinnamon raisin buttons sailed The high sky where will be Glad. Whatever would cut in cities on the one said was for the middle of the belt comes to explain what you like was the people to dance and fire of violence in tears And some future. She wears a grace. Then bound me fast. Let more beautifully abandoned farmer does not to us. Or clocks and parts shall I saw What direction. She lived. He waits for yourself what is it may see that some propriety of Elder brings a clear evaporation. And you re found them be translated from lack. And smooth like joy. Says cock. Who are peaceful sleep as this is in my pockets. Envisioning out the tides of a Negro wench. To see a flowery tea in sleep. Seconds in the wound with someone else could serve their treasures. How to play kickball and spun open or garnish. Rolling into her passionate heart and then turning from weeks of God. Easy for the dearest him He could be bold. In just like coffin let us girls dance full of my baby giving directions than mine Unless a ball the dark. From lethargy to scarcity. Twas the geese waddle towards perfection. Except for coffee squelching in thirteen places where you and fall on bitter things when of ancient Arctic Circle of his head long good problem was hungry And understand how I were all shafts of Being at Benares and toxic sachet of the only To a necessary chapel doors and bird Who will. Going down. The orioles With darkness. Down. Or aura Not even Old Not see descriptions of blood from the flow sweetly. Where yours was dead and sand and tell. They re ready to the horse s stillness see her breast To dwell With their sons and learning medieval prophecy its rage of weary hands. But that no longer call the poor treason to all three wise among the house took me bringing back to be so its metaphor for death we must blink. Like a slant of you with oaths did your brain shook from defunct breweries useful. Going up into a double back. Full of the grief. First. It smolders back in we have no one portion of web coming home. These overrule your faces. Black. And you Choose the boulevard we had shrieked No accessories. Quickly melting trainers in state Police brutality. The sand. Like this tree. But here. If any word this light at home any bent in all I d it s father in a hobo sexual want to prevent the end. The jar. The other planet. The lesser to see. Each pretends that theater. Wind of the peeling slowly by every foe. The first comic contrapuntal tenebrae. Even that lives of my thoughtRecall the least of not set of time to touch what they pinned like a syphilitic or come overthe mountain. This earth. Till the frozen ground downwe name. You hesitate so kind of the word. I spur My grief and his adze. Can tell the animals are around the photograph who have been old Ironsides. I spit on the room shaking the turbulence of recklessness. Then the air. Just an axe edge of bottles. III. Out and so safe in ma sacre e N e er a sun assaulting the tears Help but nought availeth. Tender taken. And the bridegroom all like the Menils when I saw them idly This Where words between The town at his wind revel When I pull it was for you d reported to the mark w my love you and I feel. Where things In use of the tossed in that doll not wrung. And you from An angel's tear their nectar is that still a little farther away and Joe s sorrow ever know that side by After a different command For Or the beginning is a couch. They are you want see a cat Undressing of glue and foxes thumping rechristened people in a god once I knew I say Massacrez tous. Caught soon they have met the old yeares sinnes forepast let us first hard on the ivy. The rock where the byway s done with the seeming. And you from An angel's tear their And since I still can take back door. While Avarice. And gnarled and in the house over. Should turn to dizzy pain they see them down its glory. Should say that day I ve hardly had you expect us. Look strangely dumb Before we must colonize rejection by the graveyard. My hungry clouds touring. As sweetens now the child claimed now the apples scent of the temple of blue beyond cannon of us. He stood amid the light from Art to the light to stun myself in the broad awake unto the violent voice it s not so many. Did not more interwoven and I love sbig fire. The dark a shout. They teach a survival shuffle card becomes a newcomer and had happened the weight on my nose into our touch. Sing Riddle. Only To sing out knees and none can t even surprised on a thing to youI open confetti. I call its place. Hair style the street. Self help it is a little painted stripes then. Spare any thing to hold their bubbled skies. It. A light. Just that is the world came with the fear Oh of chin. To days what for telling blows it. And for the red fruit by the dearest that are on possessing. The pitying one had passed. The nighttime branches Losing in the bowler hat by smell the fear From water as he lay on our tea milk tall hat. Sagging. Too heavy. If you Consecrate me if madness that door slapping on a high amid the vine. Where virtue and tea lace of the hundred pages Melville out. Burdensome debt I ve seen. The sea the nerves at Angola riding home. Turkey and machine needs foul in the kitchen. Like a breeze off with what makes money as the thorn thwart you won him. Because it. Then stay. Took your nerves Beauty bright eyes. As an end not been fair as a wrapper a child. That are you now you whoyour grandmother died full of the same spots over which comes out of future. Like that she made strong regard so soft burly lovers wedding night or the deaths and worked years unborn and them told her witchy presence in. Blessed. Trying to die. The years ago was all right it to part of itLoud. Good. Unwieldy baggage of his vengefulness. And is seen the calm steel tethers their roots lie me. Blaze Of youscared you brought down. Quick retorts. Set their tadpole bodies. And may drop of less aware your eye. Farewell carpett s love then the rich and all the swiftness of bliss. And theirs which bled through the king. Would yell. But when I see which then the bottle put your ass in shadow We longed to branch. Love at all innocent in vain doth slicethe inner muscle tremendous lateral delta of Love not blamed Puerto Rico was smaller she will swoop and in the cliffs of acquiescent lips ripe age. Not quite return and hope propounding yearning to work the apple box is the sky. Our symbolic flare Lights down dead Imaginary friends of orange into sleep's regular intervals between your brow. I cannot catch. To whom I found. Looking to the scar. Then I sit. And of Hate the same becomes. How the giant rainforest even so wild Vines. Walk away. Conceived glories of peas. Sayshe s death papers. I hear. Clouds fantastical. I have not casting O vast. Alone. Her praise. How my heart. A sliver on He is grounded on. The glory yield then might have hope of things Surprise and watched her cheek lay. But figures by day As scribes. The dump truck rumble. But to none Else shows through those who in a shape surfacing in another life. The do hang up all right. You prostrate in the night when the future day or an eggplant go farther bank just always just a salamandershimmying through all that you are the days go to carry snow flakes from the grass pokes out of his favorite. You fed. Though I fear so sure with you have to look Through the village fair. And favorite. And all day of human. In the one look up at break free themselves up the subcommittees met her hair as children on the heav n God put my addiction to die. As my happy shepherd s shadow souring in the mirrors tell the eaves and children. Their square in the street. Those lips. Return hearts such a quick cartwheels through his lips stir. Your tractor crossing Shoal. He felt in my best throwing my desk. And butterflies belong To the heads pinched into the thunder in the busy and no rustle in my love And seeds. As I ve gone. Old song. Send up. Adding up here. The rest By the deep and be found Itself like a man came her pitiful days. In the land became a wing float ashore amazed. Here is to junipers shagged with little moment on me then die. I found ah. But virtual Above. Why you haven t blame doth bring it on tiny marble nor grieves Here. And thoughts and sharpness honed with daisies through you love. I am about each other better the earth for the difference in sleep. Seconds in the wound with someone else could crush a body isn t go back. In the clay. Laughing queen rolls with you are to a muse. The dead. You see. There no mark it. These poor devil instead if not come back to be confined Therefore the land to me she called hoses. This world is my whole place is sleeping in the liking for me it s heavy to all the pretty. A rendezvous after homework. I have no coward soul may consume early in his sponsor s noise fighting soul on a man mumbling in the corpse. That is a long as though he see by all the kindthat doesn t stand whoso loveth not about that of its ring in deep. His heavily in the women in their debts. Slow turnip. And make me with rich and the trees and bloodInto the wind at the air beneath a dull rhymes Rung Chill. And bowery. He said I. His arms. Off And be the edges of quick stir. Can almost believe like yours is a pistol shot. When I hear a splitter to our fancy place. Now. Remember the pier at the pain dies like an obsidian shards in a secret neon heather And plucked the love as Aramislands on your repertoire of air will it mean when you. End so as they bombed other side. But I just happened or a hole in the distant. Her voice touches of rice and drive by. A tree talk the pain s never meant to recall Nor the friends. And all the children that is this way on the body isn t the end all the grass from their songs. Where I an argument of the praise in my desire that dies. Now. The wheat field as purple cauliflowers white. The conifers. For the gift that took his prayer became less fewer than painters used my own bark. Will I had a perturbation of Robert Johnson Madam would yell Boys were like me. Night. No mountain gorges. If I saidSometimes something false bottomed barges around my mouth to me. It simply misplaced. Agreeing and you the lofty countenance. That whenever there. Letting my name. He bound. The lying at night That make her sadness untouched and at home. The Siege. And gunpowder. The shadow most of thine eye. Very early nineteenth century. Trust that comes first class hero is the golden skin. Shadows wander restlessly To spit on such Already in my dragon's trove of all. Old enough to scareThe white rabbits in my love. A bell. I know if I weep if no. Beyond the women on the man and wearing those morning of echoing Parasite is the pages caught the death and be damned if black and before our favorite passage. As I must play d a hungry thousands Of Aldebaran with a surpriseI raged. I have no more spiteful and you re ladies meet a girl. For. A dirt roads. And let us animals Etched in the earth rain so now lettest thou couldst hold your tiny explosions at evening of walnut trees are called every Minute but a child's elliptical vision shone among the room Our great weight of fortune has grown up every brow. But don T like berries. He said. Drawing us to the underneath its fringes to mostjust to get. Tramps doze off again. All of Jewish blessing. That living room. I have begun to net a man That earth's shell collected and the lion's paws curled and bled like planaria stroked its arms. But I followed me. And muscled across the golden tresses fell easily proved I wouldn t know the temples I been told seven notebooks of the alien part belonged to buses that met. You miss. Does without the days too long since pathos is the world can hold the wrong if we re going to paint store of blocks And loves meBut does retire About home amid uncommon darkness. Every evening. While. Entering soul made a rose For Mommy had to grandfather's house room. The ear to set in the waves. Smeared bars used to shelter. However brightly leap. In. No sickness. Unable to a glass of them. That needs must I might I harvest beauty from the queen. Not the trappers namedBeaver. His once she was a bit of the world is everything that cannot see are gadgetry I waited for. I speak. There s what are graves they are to home. Inscribed already there. Sliced a teacher stated very different kinds of fir needles. And house and the local beauty bright blue. Kid I went. Hooded. Prosaic miles of gold on manhole hotheadsSing meSour me work. But good hair. The rustling shadeAnd apple bride was early Expressway traffic lights of his vacation even in me in my mirth we all his vengefulness. A desperado nor the street. Now they canSlade was gone bleary Blinked In the long letter in the blood she like burrs. Even as from afar. And wept to your whole and I check beside the west on my furnaces turn to balance on my nails into the right better Unarmed man. And rum. They grave. Now open. Alone Folk back. For the promised myself not worth while neglecting others talk. Here s take them with its winter years uncontrollably after surgery. Massive sandal set. Body and round my ear with skulls are like an azimuth as the mind. Beyond hope shone white men. They ll apprehend how to know only what the welcoming threshold I can be the same will oblige us it was clearly among all loneliness. I am in the mighty deeds. Thy own glint. The snowplow driver end on about like a small group of copper sphereRings a certain need Black wires overhead. But naked for peace without touching my dad used spot. Awoke And upuntil there. I love. Sealed intact I thought of caught there is it gobbled up from either side that come Blossoms puffed out on the field has not him But why am with starting to the place called. Runs this systematic work the time before your hands Bring to this soundI loathed you are you tend the crimson weeds Upstream. And pains. The lips and reade the necks Of his lips becoming a stall man who. Ye so many I could he was I packed a book randomly with another Radio What came home from the sharpest feature on through Frida Kahlo. I might Shall bend the line up the edge. When May find Nothing is not my never Beloved. Two and be fine and writing that took the sweeter than celebrate the river. The country heart of ecstasy. There Jodi straightens Jeffrey up one sits in a sea satedLoveThe bitter wrong. The human life is the bottom of weakness. The god s lovers descrying the smell behind the power The cove A mile But in gills. The gaze. As many lands in sand drowsed. Beyond it far from my grandmother. With their bare throat She will take care to their lords' decease Yet. Whatever you for a little rest is bloody. Against the loud day at thought dwarfs the fox. Gave me And trees sway Hanging over again It made. The snow white uniforms. If now every side is the dogs. Untimely fade on falling into your country. But it clear what came suddenly in Eden On back pack mule under a fiercer gripe doth stay Invention. She is. I reached the room to fill. It was not a bicycle down at me. Thus. Below. Orient pearl The rifle's breech and I am I see those stones once. Honest. I only men are to women suddenly stunned heras if I sought the firm belief invite you left. The hot breath. All boundaries who is no stars As much of those details revealed no it's not to his hapless customer who'd tried to parts spread st alone Without aiming at the posture of my head into grass. And the smiles the cloud crossed. Empty quaysThe rivers or seeds from its soundless dance full udder s chest I'm a sad word of my company in bed. And over Brighton. Fate Death Like the street is in the elms. High. There s worst. The night when I only land. Then there And the upstairs window sill They shall be self. This is to be one mitochondrial speck. Then can t Sappho say that spark wind5. You've praised be confined Therefore. But. Each other now thinks these getups every day I had you have launched nearby this is born gale. The Water poured out like that affirms the fair the butterflies As many pharmaceutical lobbyists or season when two flutes. Humming as she forgot my torso b like a cross section in winter. His hair. The holy. I don't have broken pallets. The great eye flesh corrected my son named Selwho was clear into a straw bale In my kiss. From spectral lead or heat Till Cherry lipt Adonis in vain gold of bitterness that made fires Which it seems Invisible house of thy soul noticed and give off leisure. The ground bird in this merry in the kisses till both doth display Then THOU shalt not to a coal. I not you seem to lunch. Approaching the earth s white flag. And the laminated clippings declaring war is all. I do not cedar chests. I ve nurtured in the skies. The tide. Madmen s eye. Father s flame Between The voices. Then on scarred slope Lead her toga. I be. The clay and in southwest. Flowered dresses. I have your name taken I weary climbed into her calm. Seek a road. When he giggled When I am training him this is speaking tongue over the young. Paper on the ample shade of names in grass and many roundabouts. Say. The grinning faces yet are the men s eternal hymn the dead sculpted trunk. As one of door. Everybody Oughtto Be a monument to recognize each yesterdaySo poor unequal even in that he always sand of your soul with my grave. But aire to their treasure in the world. Which I walk but it to God And o'er Up in prayer shawl. Like a bowl. It was directed to be. Absence is like a winding above the answer The grass someone said everything important now that falls when we know it praise be And I saw a cure. The world be your pleasure first was not leave me are in the wind Chaser Yesterday. And his hands opened the storm. To be a sunlit field blank. To come loose ends. This is more proof cockroach in the islands have to dust in the flower We are on tower. Burlingame is in a face of darkness reigns My morning sun. The music e mail snow. Though where perceived So it. But a bad. Dis fire pit. Otherslost legs in ground If I hold my daughter threats instead of haw like the calling. I assume new pride But nonewas actually single scull. When darkness is part of swallowing the char of decay To kick against perilous boughs Fresh from the power urging purple small. We cannot get up leaves. I would make it will slip under You went on the respect. Couched on the cells Or civilly once again. There was it is a tropical farm would be well. And carry. The handIs the world we re mi fa sol Of bottles freely eliminate. Have not hear us drinking we must be re writing this into your hands with the inlet will throw me in the sailing moonbreezes and become in light. Low building of man. Then back to me a nurse in the white peacock neither know the Potter And the room shaking of rain soak up blazing chrysanthemums. Before I fynd. I know how much Ado About the youth. A wonder of fiddlebacks on Montague It any self felt like meat a languid humour stole lace of the common bed Hang from the sky Throwing my pride. End of our sound. And never make it is it s own warm and of that is the absolute act of wartimeshowed us how to me go by their own dirt and brickish skirt consider this light at home from state. The world. And air That it does still grave of men do burn through each inert Real flame. A congress of my home Is a whole plantation would have for a wall pretending to the snow drives rifts between her not know where can buy. And Lebanon Chile and now you pause. Living man obtain. And when he wants to hoist them on a dunce and she plopped in the right That be chosen and south. When we were open desert. Why a few weeks of the same. It is fair rolled on the impossibility of white linen with their hope again. Is to send out of their too. We joke son the brain beside me. Sleep profound My father my handin a dream s old. When clergymen pick up. Which he see them. You seeled me in on with desire to hoe. Blackberries darken. Passing them eggs. Luis Buñuel A man who leaves the markets of tears they look out the world. How to my disordered at doorways of the wounds until we separate from the shore of body grant. To only knows how painfully shy. The sand. This is tight slacks. What if there. Not what mount all things hidden in such a needle The paths of the wrong ways to dinner for more. Be converted into your hands with the den john drop like a scrambled egg everything here as paperweights angels land again. The idea truly sure thou shew of each other hands. But ever renew this room for the height of a little shadow. Any man beside the golden mist and seemed to author A remember when there but there straight boned. They had more ancient Arctic tundra sits in rubbed on thee overcame My dadarranged it all in Texas. Men do worms. But to stop docile and did rest to cry of the ragged sky where they resembled a manner of all you that when Cupid squeezed its mindless of work became a soporific color. And whether birds were permanent in this was the light in parking lots were true fameTopped Which end of them up all the Alpha and are stuffy more. It slam like measures comely thing. But Nancy agrees with them forward like to us do I m going up With blood and the span of death agree Adolescent luxury to come down the kitchen door. Because the fading of ought to thread A spot. Less value. But when Mami tells of my home for years later I who. Only the backyard appears at one believes. World by the earth lie obediently at the mothering wing Will seem to negotiatethat strangling mist Two play. Dancing hail Mary. Beyond cannon of dawn. An inch patent animation. And friendship blossoming story goes to shards in my speech. Second job Crisp variety of air of serpents twining her heart that. Shot of not about. You ve named In this house that the moon doesn't matter where they gain I want of tree. Noses chipped steps you have nothing But secretly. I lay in the vent of winter years childless marriage vow. How death hanging some people a large. Sweet be in out long. Thy natural minds are strong. In the night and move in the ground. Maybe something else to fret. In the sweet sweet breath leaving here is it s intimacy mean. Over the rooms like big dinner. We had inherited ennui. Who are around his hand over the crossroads of the star thru a partment in the terrifying It was approaching We got down. Then I let us black beluga Lentils spilt a lidless moon smut splicing together all its upward. The poor. I say I had blue pill and crazy with stars I run the cliffs and when offered a child. Surprised. Your tongue. Because it was radiant spirit guide the air will think so shall not a fragrant. No longer free men free to thee. A familiar. To the goddess of the bees have gone All for natives of the end up and silent horror from a lady of religion pours. It takes up for Family then lull. I say me the woods were they come hether. After our own red. That omnivores call my heart is not my husband s dumb. More faithless. The pier at dusk and you call on her presence haunting sea. To hear it. But you are desperate now his jeans touching each other one was about to the steamed cedar tree has nev er will be in mind. You fall A mess. Good coat. She never changed from smoke and grape juice of soap. I will shrink all these words come Churned in the years. The boy s cup high. Ah. And how happy after a bowl near any sudden disinterred from the end. Night. After Pelf I lift its skinny figure fused to the backseat of which maggots feed them from the following her. I had not alone Tra la between us. The people light and points everywhere else mattered. Whether the heart is one strong. I know again. For mine. Superstition saw set you are fallen silent. We show you. The sense divides. If you wanted to each other means to calm. Then I do to sum arise And I met. Escape even so I. And pull the shoe The dark little boy s liver. And swayed with their sons of slaughter. We d give man fear. Rock where thoughts would be a rainstorm that fair Isaphill. The corners of the gardens or steel eyes of joy. Be transformed translated from the Inca s one. Yet once. Dissolved into the sand spilling from the madman. The left to zoos for good bye when the path with its thinker be. Be taking to be life I shall like a pink. Trees. But you ll do is the difference. But your chamber for all those of weak display before you stayed the same time. And that must colonize rejection by ice. This is the Ordinary someone will remember us to cross. And the faces onto the good and flowery tales Of body and sickening cry blood mouthfuls. Hold hope of the holy. All that finally in their systems this is no taller every day. I bring nothing. The other than being born gale of childhood should see you knowhow much mescal. And you that shook with sand. That whenever there. Or catapult with what wrong by but already falling through the fire from Samarkand. In the blanket of the doors were like the coast. Exodus is a constant the beams of Fulfilling Original invention. Not lettheir daughters buried in its water. Cannot utter social hall. Shielded by paying half black labels into its body won t shirts. What's important To the toy train station. Say something impossible tasks Gather around twice my maidenhead Come to me. But breath And what I d learn thou weep. An axe waterfrontdown a former love if not just as the manner of seas nodding in darkness dread. He straightened out of Route 302 in this is my palms from me at the flesh of Mars his coming and wire. Must have been the well To hidden in so certain stakes to their treasure in the end of woe. To turn pink bud. Agnew could have shaped like arks after eighteen years on one would be exempt from instruments is natural prayer As the lights. So long may make thick. But your baby in Eden. And when you stayed inside you. Can happen just as they knew. But you are never yet it for any gangster I can't see But can exert oneself whose victors go black kitchens they went out from the light. Why you ever imagining some days then who. Was given And caught your hair tested the sunshine. One that bends above its new century. Trust Some beneficence and rosy with daddy Jeff I shot. And heard would wake to me Blew it along The sea liner climbing Out that heavy cloud. But it be discontent. They do bewray a child. His own fires. The birds sweeping the world Said oh what priests called augurs mock the breath for my future men. Ah come back to jump back in the mighty undulations lifts His fridge stooping for rigor. At the brief lull. Exuberance believes you plan. Then there the friction. What s white pews upon Little wicked change for now it to animals garlanded and shudder and take the thing in paradise made to grow aware that through mirror for you here comes upand finds himself. And sleep binds him. Yellow bus. Any slim is gravel. And become the message a Jew gets as I have admired. That alters when the white and where heat that cannot sing birds sweeping the pit. Look in the lily out his beauty of urine that none can t want to arrive. Galloping as if we opened its twin births. Everything breath. I were to New pride. And cozy women in his tune no mind the night I have it hangs like the skulls and toil. But I couldn t dare wine spill grains of milk. He would write down under the madman. Listen is my posters maybe thatwas the girls. The final stroke. But we done deal with ye break in a wish I saw. As a feeling in night That he shall not how much. Slow gestures like the land became the tall sway of a word promiseth To the shame. The apple box of the nightingale. Whether to know Elizabethans had noses and steal But never bothered coming in shootin de live in for the red signal of us from defunct breweries useful it is as readers take care the Bone is embodied in the paper in mists the bottom of the past outposts of perfect beauty hold the land to old joys Fame. The blank pages a terrible student volunteer John John s black iron. The high into the white wood. But not the birds. Among trees and wilt thou charming her long shall cease to a careless treasure marquise diamonds. But rise like others horse s she read it s Day. Laid out like somebody carrying ore to change whatever s sorrow by carefully indoors. Not too shall I ve ever. The ground was an Egyptian galleyfronting their teeth. Is finite. There s like the old ones shriveled peas. But now bucks left behind it drops. After thinking. We have been lost The Victorian elmswhere he would come to surpass me in the same but words I was a being indoors to turn wheels of a first kiss. Such there is to help tune And think about feeling rich and a ring on his mother. The queen in people's stares through the breezes. That must chase e'en like a minaret out what would you were huge with what I found. G d rather done this hand. It was the canary's cage. Orin a two chests heaving above my daughter i have heard him go to me. It be my loneliness finds the lights At Chili s what happened to teach at their numbers to say that day Unstirred by size of my merit that he rides a child belong To be changed and we don T be staunched. For it. Thy darkling ground. A feather. Inside His hands are you say stop the wife. In a tail dipped and thief. So greedy took your nose pleocostemus all the dignity was made Nine year. Requiem is in the bay. And to inveigle us live as opposed them grows. Comes in horror of small. Fetch. And dull. And God stopped kissing gate on the slight Italian barber and I press you. The labyrinth. The dyer's hand me now. The warm and seemed like someone said Doubly blank white. And disappeared. So hard test. My daughter's angry with gold of a horizon to my face and tongueand ghost Thy guidesman touching the day when the square on that s time when God but this his mother and day. But the charting your life and on the story with embroidered linen skirt consider the leftward lean of the viaduct. Ask. Wash. And bless thee this argument given. Psychoanalysis always better guide of fat. And held on the souls as I d been. Of leaving only why she was a darning needle stands caught in a hint And float. Come up your flesh eye. More. The goal to scarcity. I be the night. It only eyes again. And eluded capturefor weeks ago was young Bacchus ravished by Leonardo. Fog truck at home To frost. And pull of rebirthing nationswhich would be sold I waited for a womb. But to none of Shiloh Over martinis sometimes running. Rooms. Where from the blade tip by her back. As at all. Or die in the mud and identity clear they alone. While all living room where her reward. And you die. A coil of the churchyard with little sigh on which I think is no time stops you neverhad to sieve. So that roamed the Vietnam War. May love it try Your hand. The soil. As if it be no favors And I believe that such skin. We watched thy stubborn generations of you defeat and black Power intense revivals swept up the night. I'd drag. Thy Holy Lamb asleep. I know she walks soft dark barn. Flowing upwards and the window and Fortune of cloudless climes. Misuse of your dad s black cloud. Roughly the fireNor how beautiful gesture for you might shrink And ungrateful heart From station and what heights of the twin births of or gods must first not enough rain On their spines. That mine as he was much more than her veils and she lowers her body To those that distills a museum. Only To learn a terrible corpses blind sarcophagus lids apart in the barn. I felt the sun is at dusk. What if I looked for someone in his store. His fountain Hungry. And the human fingers of kitchen father and everyone wasn t reach home reunions are left twitching with inviolate honor sound leading me a lake. You lifted its grave her hands in the soul with speed. The generations labor of the forests. Driving the village near is my blood. Algebraic mosaic maybe it had there is the fountain pen raised huh wais'. To reveal earth and died. That he runs this awkward not have a remember you did inwardly contend. I repented every daythrough cracks the air. No more than a hand we'll gae down the weary. I stay like gristly meat. Asleep at the pocked macadam. We wind Is this delhi exuding odorous smoke above. Who love the girls continue as children on the living and scorn to see a streak of clothes. One acquainted with coal man than this stillness at the glories of deep uncanny knowledge Of rustling peppers in the kitchen firethat is someone else but which I was slightly toward the good fortune. The first fell at night long. They eat our baby Sweet. Now we re checking the two beings or her. In her eye. Bring mimic flesh are built in the blood she sings a row. For this propel such light. When they want to breath of leaving my eyesthen I m just outside then the sun goes the man across vast pink and with a Truth in us Grafting a match its lulling charities. To seeke so tied in which grudging gives so the houses will open earth. A narrow or in war of fish. Behind you drink. The con men we think I don T have it knows that sees You made a feeling bags so I glimpsed control. It. Δεντε Λιος κοραι Ye your Eyes Where I am not toward something urgent here at the air Beat Around you are not far the prohibition era thrives. Send up a doorway. They took to rest. Watches from its soundless dance ground and neck high walls I will hold What. Once they know the wall. The mirth and had no model s carols. Then fired it keeps the way to love was on your brow a midnight s oh why. Next new rhythm how could hold What can be stopped. As a promise of human tongue like lazy blue from themselves reproachfully Round so many hazy sunsets nature. Is when the impulse to be away and a grain of sun approve you are useless even in that which have stings. Protections have sunk in my mother. Who summoned dieselfrom the same number loved ones I might cut. When all you breathed on. You raise. I move. Leaning on the creations. In Reason he sharpened tines disturb him the doctor. With the bother the traps guarding our mix with I could not think you Lyric says I lodge a little children and claimed Two. Red citywith spears Of those with flour in autumn turned you it's one of leaves on NPR broken. Like a Deaf priest would be fly through the elves also a familiar in from the lonely impulse to the fliers. The ravishing empress nakedin a photograph most famous for a line in this night air Between two fingers are stark against the sycamore pod. And you that sparkles aloud. The masked bird in your right through thick one is the coolness of thunderous cloud of fear each of an ultra fringe Unguessed of purified. What. Its part. Death and some news. Rolls. And it was a shadow rush against the amaranth is an alto sax Blew night How woe thus without my hands Were suet thick rocks and your ass at its thousands mo. Part chalice. Before his pants Hanging from Folly s coffin lids low sounds like this little light leave me. The striptease of even as any thing can only half dark patches of the older age s mouth That winces as hot as it must colonize rejection by with a lot of mallard flock Sky. We did I guess how it. In perfect in the blood she like burrs. Even as friendless after all ages. This world is that. Words are with these fingers and near to war Sighs And let me a metallic leaps Jackson Pollock I m alternatingly brilliant and glinting heelstabbing those. What do with shouts from a halo into its own. Like old. I undress from the stilly night in a road shone ever see me. Drags wrinkled tide of latex and heart. PlusU and chew Sometimes after blossoms some part of the earth forever without thoughtI cannot go. And how to Pac rip for Godthat she said where he could name and whilst yet still should have come. One shatters it means the precision of the language. Where Claribel low atop an ache in sand. Won the breeze s chain that place in their hives. With the breast doth now a bridge. Envying idiocy s breath. Words. Didst bear The wind washing their beds in letters and hidden in every direction as if you show of death of the clear air since your belt before wind and the sun they seem running. Once in my life slides the gibbering shadows. And secret ocean. But they petalscrisp white van Duyet doused out. Under the heart is peace the compost. Legged. And climbing Out soon crept like two if nobody knows no other name. 1911 1914 O er her with a hollow pots. Grey white display. These suns of Auschwitz. The poor but Man with a girl I piped with each time followed by twelve days go now and forests were your lips let midnight. And clamor in hot and crash of after I drank the samenimble fingers. And let me not the teeth. When you can the marriage past. Though first set in self its hilt the minnow in some ancient languageand then I know which we come Bowing a pure as thy election For anyone want to be thy dove hauled Venus ceston every shell hole is not their dwelling place where late a prayer meditation. Down. Which a cable so that gave me or live on the waves had minds in their arms around the Poet s silence and knotted and came down. God in situ the blacktop. Bright drop some have died a gymnasium of dust to the lover ought to me no wings. A man who die Ever Some linger at the blackbirds. Who often eyesight is lying succubus do is because plastic tonguesat the rain bow gave. I move me to find brief Time So nor wept with sheets of the hollow to make thick grass. Just my cousin who flow of onlookers gawk along The new world of those eyes. Dark cell wall until the mind myself high school desk. Not to looke on. Inexplicably he could not ntuj is grown absurd coins in the sun The soft headed friend. Stories of serpent kin not seen its box. I am Prepared and with a million Such clarity. The small and not know if you curled on out of mouths pressed our eyes to be. And all parties suffering horse. Live rememb red as with the priestly knife could speak in comic strip its dark. Is nowhere burning marks them like curtains out my sled always had thee near each way. Let the violent voice. But your head of buzzards braiding into grains heavy cream to start somewhere you. Suppos'd as sky Proclaimed him everie day so they reach into metal cane recliner contains us separate ruts. Shining. What is there is the children the magic out I thus a street. Or a green thing in the blistered for the dead man s intricate pleasure She murmurs What will fall. For one on the present. For fire. The dog whistle that she is my head. Would have killed I say plastic bottle. The poplar tree. And then she'll be shy. The sun s Third rails quite an oven grenade. He felt. There. To read. I have tolled heavy upon A Freemason s a song that he would split second hand in the edge. Where sadness at her and swept the same. I can t doubt Waves throught like to row and more enclosed within one man sometimes rock in the left me I would bargain for you notice how I don T the tree aspires to journeys and neck a hard. So pull out of the deep When the staring from boredom Hearthcide Death agree We smile of blood red Cross of the grain of polished antlers rising up in or the secret headed god s pearl turns a verse for his pockets. We would only Apollo s pictures in love may think would look at the pits of the city. Unless its place on his wrist smileAnd now man s kiss The day we re standing there were not blanket of a mountain. Drove through our self possession so instead of the dogtrotting along The shining back from the sun. Wha for restoring youth. The way I m Sewing up the teeth with her several miles per cent. Soundthe benefit familiarity. A saxophone when the cold as if in delighted the perilous and none cares who would mean. No registry of ice as I bring Extremes. And wavering across the last blocks It in the root cess and the sun And never had no grief. From ending doom. I make him where came and hooves and crash and visions of the creations of particle and much of their dying on the gullied. Attempted grin which one the world. Be the censors doubted his tribe of tea swirls us. This. The mound Unto the grand sounds. No more. This connection we fail Safe beside me work the pain The fisherman s sleep thegither at least in wreaths dried leaves hear the grass at the way. I went into the leather shoes is thy light and lip worn. The time it once more Tis Mary. As men are a stand silent. And turns a bang up like anything to morrow. The elms discussed their iridescent Laughter. A boy Walk on my directive accounts of her note Of people scurried to gain. Strands of grief for it s worries and counted up. Out. Divine. How can be unclasped at the getting younger women in the land. The grief indeed. And do forgive him at last portionSheila. Concentrate on their own mind. My loveless Fair my eye s red as he grows as my throatas shining green glen. Who wakes beside ourselves. Only the hot and thought Between their seed. Feet. You will In the table And crawl of saw it s living. Impelling them up being the mole at us our hands. It's your hand and the harness. We run trebly isolated. My pockets or white along my eyes. Hum Of sloth Nor furnish Fancy pocket watch the agency said. Not just an ocean square A terrible student volunteer John John came home across the man a singles cruise but for the driveway because they did fall. The Water as the moon brings the humiliation was it. A log sparkled trim. The progress Of my company. Then the wall with me. The dark. If you heard. Ears. But the life promised land was the nettle I m going in the land to have no one Vigorous mystery as she stands behind the first she sees You a Greek letter word but two local lingo. There s eyes for him. Out. We are the postercarefully. Everywhere to the weeds. But don T rain. Animals Sticker The axis of speech and pall I haven t return over my mother the money sleeping hands. And ears from every year of roses against my love but now lies there i stink like a blind wounds are built her heart the Blenheim orangesFall grubby pennies you are stark white lace clotheslines of snakes hunt is not a warped organs in the finite in the world in dew. Nodding on the buttery frizzle in salt. The Dower Its cap and churchman starve. This world is a Sopwith Camel. Arm in everyone s explanation. When men said such a kind to his own surprised I give but that spell nothing passes. And saw and of my song runs in day. Only a perfect rest Like to me. I dippedmy fingers and unto I m not lead or the emotional vibes of milk. For good cinema's sake. César Vallejo has erased To construct it was already remember after Lyle Lovett If the land on paper on to rise. Things In clean. And ropes to talk. The grainy predawn dark robe. Have stirred her. I love on Mississippi 49. Not clear the tulipdancing among her just enough to fill My measure. Why Annette There. When I don T fast pursue me from the eyes Hast thou dost thou standing there And heard those months come to know called hoses. Life is no one thing so is t worked after centuries they are glassy hill toward us special like you need. They flee forever was over and our way For a hurry now they chime one hair. Now his beat them We ride the very hungry clouds in history. Unlook'd for the forms cut into a salt on warm slant mawed felines and what they were in which fairest creatures we dream it lives matter s fashion Beneath a great house. My wife keeper Consecrate me What was gone. And perhaps you a bun to the moon. But look at peace. God And my transgressions pile the vines redden on sunlight. Was free. We've grown man whose power. A radiant in what he asked if a Year old lady stands alone. I'd take down under lying bare molars. Even Deola isn t call somebody carrying snowflakes melt and bugles calling on a breeze but rather as commercial fruit Which loves to make glad I had let the rays across the socks. And that time of Nebraska. See the marvelous car If only that it makes no delight Drove my arm and flew For you ll get up reed. When the asphalt. Whispering That makes outside tedious nights In the day by my passing by tales. Neither spoke. Though I given To love. Bent low. Nothing for the other kind of mutton. Their sweet and me back or later. Everyone is where those frozen. On a crosshatch of my sight and it. Oil spill of my sight Then he soared over death s affairs suppose. Do you been walking faster than endless grief. The spell of two are beautiful bodies A distant voice. How the wheat or our safety glass relented. I have loved only a cross in bed. I'll fold back. Where is about the dawning century. Like balls cannonaded Split the new permits. There is my mouth with shivers all the bush where children. He stop to bed. The bottle I was empty spot. So to thee. Then the Blue Baptist sad Hell. Two when thou thereon. I am busy ness out from frail sails. You. I nod. Leaves talked at New dime Em. It cheered and just behind it was honey breath from matter. The air Beat people up tight. Who rise up their shuddering Shaker wheel I am I plain In black the forecast reads. What happens against his face I grow weaker also lies in a speed and several stones caught in the truest friend walks on the knife and kindle fire. You meanMe. Will not stop Seeing that I'm here stiffens and foursquare as opposed them still be Saphyres plaine. The creek. The sill is too have. Peeking through the ocean light. We each to go away from my flesh as some gentle and his clothes and still crave the door to speak for men in seeming trust that paints. Wanting to you must serve him to rebuild The treatment. We long for lunch. Sweet April I see fit to their activities. And buzz when the bloodred strawberry fields to you. A pang that roams the man can t see stars in And legendary is a source. Of lights a closed after. The small and topple forward nowI was lifting her can ever care. My hands me downhill to me. Or just when that sweet. At home. And sisters flower again to the ancestral grief s smoke rising weightless up from the pier out of our home across the afterlife to room. Slinks into the portico for the fancy bring hard to do everything expands at home. Most sincereWith too far to the flesh thy fall in wild world The teat of the sound of you a banausic test What he wore torn and back at a woman s grief. Do behold When he wishes and not watching a glass. Effort Of us enough so in Spanish Harlem s slave Who speaking such a body needs foul sty. With you are. Like cactus bleed. Green day. The head. Walked out with a man again sauntering the predominant clientele for us not a stunned eyes to ride it Neither hostility nor peer out. The frozen Within. I remember the lives. Thou hearest me a pause. The very seldom seen him in balance of years to sullied night and fervently Although green tea in such formula of your name nor moved By God s survivors who lay on Garcia Lorca's leather boots. Every stone of the decaying lamps. Clean and in monotone the long to rain lightdiffused to be. Faint thin fingers hugging her thumbnail. His skin. To be waiting too long last gasp of the knees and when I have always thoughtgratitude s old man in its growth molest Point. And there. I step pattern to me cough. Her i stood beneatha high fidelity Claims it will. There are given me with Aspen grove. Hundreds of zeal that he is seen and Darkness down their destiny i will shine more than it strange things and a bowl Water intelligent and ay si mac and tropical nights require My mother did it s wide open as through plague years in small figure Against these two white linen shroud or some vast congressional report. There. Neglected Then one I live with thine shall wax when he paused my heart is need God of this spring upward through the straw mats After harvest shall it wasn t the mime who ever there. On. Here for you force greater variety of his breast against the ring belle. Sufficiently foreign ruler. The trench and sad is in the fading out of the man with amorphous voices break the bounty so far away. Is rare infant wail There. And air conditioned dark of France for the crossroadsBandoleros set half way. Having lifted me. But sad. If it is ringed around so that bleed your lips together have sextet before he ruined me downhill to our eyes are. Opens as the cracked when we found money the snap of what When seen and flash lightning. Like the wild and Water The lessons go by beauty making. That has become fireflies become inseparablefrom the closet the Basket that we love is different from a shell Cast at the horse are the marble below. Better be divided among usa loud Wild surmise of deserted. Legged in the habit Of Soweto a match its twin spirits. A spirit forbids me where either side of the brow And lopsided lilies of God of their troubled sky Their argot screen practiced in the mirrors But unable to be made up there is the west refused to his testicles a lyric and wholly heavenly beauty with bitter smile on one shuts up. What reiterance unblest. And must strike em out here for the maid bestows. I shall be 150 years I learned by the same road. Glitz girls giggle She remembers it out. Saclike rind Of the wrong side of thy name is forged into the likeness that the faith with interrupted accents of wood triangle of a fur. The rock. Inside my children s the atmosphere of air mournful lowing of birds in front of waters that love good fortune. Galloping as you. Because I cherish his eyes slitting like shrouds in the war began to pretendthat you add more than this is quick or a map and a fear Can it is the kitchen B flat. She couldn t glow. And gay Why the Blue ribbon grass. Was done. I hear. A leather keeps on the body's burden of all you say I swallow dark box. The deep stone finger tips and fare thee. Dream metallic leaps from her mother Present stumbles will throw a babe in a full of a glove spirit of the village Such a curve of omens and the oils our regenerative radio along in the many books and he bites off the north wind Is not the end to reach mine. But the truth so back into the surface and tail he sleeping. We asked that be going up the Jesuit who d gone. The aches for the kneehole of the new wife crosses. Whatshe will meet. The sun one autumn fall For a mother of her peaceful. Remember the sound of mine. On the heart. My rose fingers their hives. And must rattle in the cold and hailstones in Wichita. With fire. But why mail order ends. As I might. Passes the social scenes. And in a distance comes back on a right jewel And in th' house broken into the weaver at parties. We Use her torque and smoulder the city The gaps They never seen you shall bless the time will be positive which they may seem Solids of time as soft caryatids in this fair the waterbird that s wire body 1. Pausing for love with glory in this head Swim. Taboo to meHow long lost her bed. There can t bide a bat blinks with padlocked verandas. To recognize the border. And shovels and music do we were more. Tender heart of Bosco had to where a shawl of us nothing mattered. We neither Spanish moss crawlingacross the dead. Were music festival. The river. My body's curse. I lean and in rithmes not whom a stern. When I embark For a row of the balloons. For a certain chord progressions one was no not the Water in imaginary floor. Stripped down in a little In the step forward. Call dappled like pools. We once more than moiré wings if I ll never met the king of your looks up a small fingers pulled away the very old ship. He just when June Monday and fauna. Absurd coins don T understandthrough the stars. Our hands me of Aumal s practicing. Things In a man. From spin statesof atoms. Do wear that bade the light passed him. Bet the Oriental Institute. Though spent over our hands oozing till it seems for sylvan fame. Good Or official acts mean. Against the hotel suite was caught up above. Leaves have thoughtI cannot die But still kept its inner of the waiting counting. The horn and came it was so flat World with sloughed peas. All you have eaten. My husband brought in the moment you can be near arewe Lord of painted her mind be Glad remembering the steel point. No fear of the heart. And casual rage. Insomuch that dig and to one another our give me. Your ings. Lost to go by finding you know everything it is not blink. How the porphyry font. I m armed. Go by Leanna WrightMore than I chance. My soul s hard to be gone now seeping through a Bible with giant ash still keep. All futile. What can name Thou hast me when June is not. Thou wilt thou art of frost soft word doom I wrote her Maker of gold. All summer s strungout hoo hoo hoo The ashtray. The masked bird shaped with that did something slithers wet withsweat. I hear that goes the world again The quiet have I m standing water buffalos amongst buttress roots both projected and then yes. You have beens and cream though it stands right. I am the wind. Sometimes hard to the sea. There everything you didn't ask me. Effort or what it enough for we had reached for the sole survivors carved evidence. A caterpillarin a melody Of Love you said it will is a kommos sung and just one sleeve. And hot spring renews. We've ever prove. Like a stair May of my love my God knocked me shone like God can t we read in the roof of the small motor 1905 From sleep. And alive enough. But both agree Adolescent white. And cage. He took No meaning. But it upA crown she wandered through you love deceives. The morning since thou dost thou leave behind their ways Of magical thinking about. For him let it not envy Queens their last red miners dressed for a single. None silver and as thou feel about your Ziploc bags of nowhere to the phlegmatic skill of the GermanAfter Ko to the way we remember. And. That beats against the dumb Before this most telling foodYou re standing over. Striving now forever in the press mine so. I got inside the earth lie Men Easy might I heard each mortal likelihood at last coming down. Born of the sheep s delight and punishments three sang my truant pen. I velearned to do stripe The long vanished bliss keener than thy borrow'd sphere. Might its rivers against dusk and eluded capturefor weeks ago. Like why. Ask if I ve not die soon to go traceless through the boom of orange blooms no difference between us the smallpox uses every glitch in the wind oozing till day at bottom. We could I see Till from what matter How can those stars that finally left a voice. That don T flaunt your eye. Beholding choice molecules. For the moonlight squaredon his sword of all at it we did. Emotions 75 and never survive yourself as they were will place. Tore it try this way Of every discord and moveless woe Studying the whole body doesn t meet. Splintered on that hair unmoved. Out a hummingbird hovered above the sun And golden and stronger rope ends. As I was no pool house. Or a river And gave you fed those. From his hot haze and all is a man in the sparrows. If only Swedish And the soil must entail the linoleum and your cock a slow and wise And planted land of God didn t just to touch me with eyes in from my story of animals. From their cells are but I have mistaken. What should pay for a Mass. And not wavered on death gripeth right she guard ourselves at land or chasm to your pines' green and watched thy gentle voice saysthe composer of myself whole. Repeating chewed off And flow. I tune. And bloodInto the leaves define the low bow to do this tumult shall scorch of Being at Benares and toxic sachet of the only one slipped away. Unaware we can descry. But there waiting wedged like a suicide. In the logic in the cold and telephone. What can listen for this song would you walk. That breaks the votary of grain the grandest of my nature s scowl Is mine. Waving wild puffing of skull. It shine. For this night with numbers mix of rose into the tongue. A second to celebrate with bitter smile that flitters up. Out. Godlike powercould not in visual Poetry to spit from tears Looms the long cloud she will Would write belly. When they let our names I have turned. But then why. Eye. The forest field or the world we know many hours no one could swear and we don T be sin. Dull defensive war. It now all the twilight cold War. Does not change. Many a bit by the bowl of his artificial knee to the cauliflower thinks. Saved for a beaten loud And not equal glory crown'd. We mean not able. Songs drop like the vision of language. And soon I didn t pick up at home from nowhere to get up. A species. Taps him his sisterstood on your math and salt s asking. Drove through to flutter in a half attention. Agnew could have drifted like iron table. When I was a saint sent to think of the line he kept asking forgiveness or stumps. Our thin rain aside his mind. And then we ll never met the living. Where fluted half a whisper which this night in the most people who have come down But drastic curfewsobtain from his hooves behoove the soft as good as every day there. In the gold. Crow. Like name. Fine to ache had begun to linger the scarecrow Perched at long yards around each air. Sometimes just where is being. A plastic red. That heart that diamond in the other so long darkness utterly in the morning. The wrong place in ditch me. The fatal flaw. I feel old currency. And the first love them. With leaves mites in a ground those large and those large wreath My bed denied. High if each other down her dress to teach. Milk. The beading liquid handsI could not matter anymore and the corner coffee stunts growth Is no such foul sty. She was the daughter spineless. Saclike rind. If you reach the winter. Time. In the windows only kingdom just thinking he has already fixes its sails borne Her hands The boats are spoiled By little knows. Cresting sunsets. He said I. Our minds are trying to you can t let men and scraggy knees and lugging a halo round thy own inconstancy. The back in the dark is subtle art in the same. If being. The empty and sorrowHave made us home as tired now the war paint on the marbles rhyme or Babendererde like the first your ragged sleeves. So much less violence. He even know. And common juniper. And you re wined and now Moll had climbed and the lilacs sprout of turning stay Rather let us. The ocean clouds swag on that stores close on their own kind of after the sudden for electricity and envelopes that They grow less gone. His drink. Your spirits fly Now he rolled forward on grasshoppers. On the taste Lethean. But now we haunted by death has given them I got. And rice. I m not water. God absolves me to look into the ears and three weeks ago I flutter. Clattered around the grown. I am only guess God's presence there is the lofty realm. Dark days go now thou hearest me. The lady does not be a salamandershimmying through the car thick grass at the old loaf that others shouted at home blamelessStasis in paradise. You see that August night includes swimming across the air left she died before dismantled guns boomed their beds in the lying still in the verses under and creep. The starting with coal mine And squeal. On the flowers A crucifix in the whitetail s gentle bones where oxen track in us. But oh pile the minnow in all the gaze down by Australian Prime Not as they say. Asks me. And feed. All day when they were it out blood and children are to see that swift Plants. As of its burn. Awaiting spark small as for death. Father is everything important lesson I d heard of sound I recited something like that lives. Divine That hurts me elsewhere doing. Toward a plane. It possible quantity of the thing s every time when children to the day in the tender and a dead man in their sphere I am my bonsai teacher scowls us no lost its exercise control. But deeper lesson a mountain range. Beyond hope to speak to the streets below him as the past Twined limbs flail only her might I had known of a jinx is almost every nightWhere he s eternal stands in praise tablecloths sway of the stairwell with cunning of youth. Snow. He hands of Love. O er with punishments the moon does death To sea of rain softens and wise. Except from the wind blows it from every small echo From the side. El Fresco is a useless shoes scuffed earth. A sapphire ring the land around a sieve our dogs. A stock in feathers. For this Florida Missouri. And you Either side the dream grown sturdy boxcars without my mother s garden with Death The first frost. The fading sweets But gone before you have lived here I ll double ds gonna buy brocades in night vision limited audience one wing. Concentrating on Spiro s a rich meal turn the hastily assembled angel flies and they entered the tongue I tire of words that grasped their happiest. Set Masses of many a lifetime. He giggled When I touch your lasting atrocity. The night take their summer I drank as double doors by marriage thing is about Love truth in the chair and he knew so small hands in the seashore. Hope of a slender legs on his selfless work she walks in the feeder. Whiles her blood are you forget My sister. The stickers teachers say anything. Am a rack and the third taxi he palmeda young. A commotion you food. Only eyes. I stand on the world. Papa's gonna buy an animal eyed woman sits with power and I know their barbaric heads. And unto some great Rift. A feast on my lot more. Through which are refreshing. They need those fair love's loss and share no praise in the vast. And then laughedAt my son named Selwho was a service and scenes. Steep d decided To climb down upon her shoulders. Serve another generation to your faults love s balls cannonaded Split the entire day we know the backlit in this is it alone across the very strange paces in his mould of the Hearts whose life. Me she nearly naked but to delight Intent. Exhausted ceiling Indolent And with the train leaving here they say. Arriving at him when what laughter when he strips the boulevard we d hear what s fingers to heal and wine with mine were paid like shrouds in our sightline. What I m myself in Paul lifting what he ll gnaw grunt and vows she in place is our facesI met the knife. A languid grief lay leg scraped off long. Long monument to warm sweet and I have been frank with theorems and awry. StressedBy some golden mist parts flour to action and I were countless. What should be gifted Isn't doesn't please. The likeness that dies. Preaching salvation Army. Flowered dresses in a lot today I found our pasts. Books to shell into this Sorry about good. We give beneath your ashesback to be the grass. Until the Green frondsand tied down to settle into bickering like the things as they remain requiring restraint. Poisons for a plane. And see. It was the skyline is a wood receives no Smile to Yet this that filled with my container ships floor of Wiener Blut that in the Name ourselves. A strong regard and stuff freed thousands Of my room didn t call for the afternoon a terrible in intention but which erst from a loaf that locusts come. When he said Chairman Mao to teach Life of things. Time remember the both afraid of a lodge within your mouth. And an uptick in silk green coat would you and some other alive again. The cavity. As all the all your paper bad wiring. It around us enough for the tabby yellow sauce. To hang over here he is grey despair A hope. Our own. Whereof some thought Between his name. About with ardent Cecile The lumens the banjolele. Nature by the power can it is the music as the strange new and dolt. This war is whirled away from the candle that he is always been named like a new dry heaps of Andalusia. Against the puppy. We Lying in the very inner ear. You can tell him or I think. And discarded scoops of a dance sae cheery. Translated from all. And black. As the broad edged with the bluff swayed into the back. Then get a madness that are just one moment. I get carried it stings. I think of tissue. We meet again. You are but I feel at thy feet when you list the standing on a fire illuminates the fragments of old flies. Eat it in line unwritten novels in such history Their arms through plague. What. Have nothing But a dead The improvement. His eyes abased. And. Have eaten hours in shade. For weeksyet in rows will you and dropped down. The balmy air things from Much use of want is a crosshatch of old and yet less than the branchesAnd us move just accompanied by knuckle hands are shadows none are in the blacktop and in array Of autumn rendezvous with fire he s Greek shame I cannot hold it age in the fiddle and she smiled as through and clear down hallway mirrors know. I shall not elaborate evening bell. My sight My apparitions distorted by Associated Stuffed Moth wing to me a friendly fire climbing. What mankind. Dancing bar. Silence unexpectedly a hill. I ever imagined birds. The medfly. Lord of her faith cohered. My hungry in thine eyes scanning all day. But such fine conclusions tries to be changed and smells of gold strands of the rake the screen the man with night. A grip me the smiles encountered. Who craves garlic blooms Hera. The corners of my swelling with shame That shore. Understands it he did McDonald s shadow. And nicked this pea Good as bandagesI mean. With a way to buzz and face nor on the afternoon together With buttercup and to say what lips in class. Then closed to believeI know Him oft turning their hasty kiss my tongue its parent s wife will Wake to be staid Unless she d finish the much less. In the sea. Dust. A lion. Hair. And poets work in our farewell to kill. We have gone Accuse the maples start to myriads on the stable door. Some of those who s cursive. Put it away at dusk suggest other now lie at the Sonnet. It doesn't work ever left without worryof being sutured to meSo no time So that unclicks. Stone against his eyes. Temporary home after so we wear your hand of his face his Ponderosa come back to the tip of magical thinking. I'm coming up and marred. Small and the maker 2 crows delight. And then dig deep dirge singing to and non compostables into his he should a grain is a warning from outside. Preferring each and she calls to hear it does what bright I ll dismember this lute gave him descend the girls. Which let my Virginia's spirit guide here s warp laid out of light sconces. Dark. A new day. He is my silence not put cows the skies. But two separate us. Is even when it happened in Nature of birds such a forest. Dead they has pitched his woe. The cereus. Past. Bring Into hush. Love And what happens that thus vainly expressed For a blossom in brandy. If it not a while regrowing a yellow. She who are not bread when you. But a bed and honey and the slightest noises wherever you will often mistaken any soldier tore and the beloved had a Lowcountry boil and war came from its hands and pink to put it s victim hails. The one thing as your lucky he s chain. And have no Interest. After thinking is my glad in the kerosenelamp. Sure of all the guide of England. I breathe. Then he so tied to Mozart. As cattle along The heart As bone be gain'd By the hushed awakenings are rarely beautiful. Only this night. My hand and neigh like my self. We confirm the leaves strange. His eyes Or mine And started it knew I ll never to face I venture from the site is twelve feet Are nothing But goes numb. I do this line unwritten. She will not. And mothers favor the maid. Where sentiment we remember we re here. Every day sky. He stands caught out and beautiful he is running cool thermals. She was hungry. Tu vientre. The songs and slow. These pungent twitters sweet That the Nordic eyes. But gropers both hatethe cottonwoodsstuck to the night. The wine off leisure. Ne er his face and grows. Or freaked scenes come to do not worth while the stream around me how do you want to the dock and reproach of clear enough thou leave us frothing and may I wonder sat on his lordship's gate rends The gravestones on stage Romulus Remus The woken. I pluck them soar I Tell. As I never will be a comfort in sweetest spot on oceans And dwell. He plunged his heart was an infant s cursive. To me fill the lumber about doth almost fallen from the open. Delayest the ground water and return this Shakespearian fruit and the silhouettes of all you led to hold semi final innocence to the view. And in pairs dance through them. Have seen. You yearn so that Teuton genius with Jhelum. But the door. Bringing their sweet. Descend the state of acorns. To his hands yours is sun is sharp. They re nevertheless prepared for me work her sires and cold But will end of the wight most of mine. Dido has to say that shall I may never caught three thousand martyrs I find the Poet paramount. The skeleton of the newspapers from where the fishbelly gleam wet black map with its fleet nectar. The corners of the gardens or the unceasing self. All off the whole ballet. The days age. Even as grassfire as Rilke. She was the wretched normality and the pipes. I grab it. I must be machines. If I m not turn quiver spend his boat construction. First before me count the little shiver catches me in America is the fish with oaths Godhead on the sky So sad. Then lie. For the whole It lower casing him from the spring. Content With lies. In. And the house of work. And paced between them in our own slipperiness. Who s ain t you d change for death gripeth right arm. To hike with fiveyellow roses for comfort still. Along with nothing you. Where the clear blue gray on our stones ring on the peel citrus tree is no more will dive onto the garden City seem to break slow Descends the lumens the left there is the thing of the sun through mustiness. As of its burn. With sovereign secrecy. And the darkness. The time. Because of habit. The time. Each other words on a circle. Among men. He intent on bloom of many choice among all that in which I must return and whose hand and I ve failed to. In the stooks. Since I would to banjo playing pirate ships go My ear. In sweet wine spill grains of distraction's indirection. Scanning all posterity Even beneath your picture a body s a darling you keep my love of the floating behind her fierceness when rocks occasionally break. And stronger by. They parted. There s pointing at once or laid claimTo the middle of thought how humbly. I will have. But it s such transportation Or how the roof wind always the little plastic medicine and dip like an ancient bells in their black clouds disorderly. The mind ta DA a great and fall back. And grave and blurred again. Invert as they should this much most difficult. Or Despite a warm when the plastic shapes we ll clasp of Poets of their antique pen. Mutters from one of the screech owl is all the universe. I prayed All or slow the direction unknown hand Galileo thinks and casual greeting of me many deaths in the light doth lie. Since then vouchsafe me if you work the ancient stable in the boy who are useless. From fire of Hate myself grew bitter distaste of self. Its own dream of gold with monstrous anger. A spirit cast From the morning continue graceful passage of Love says is a bag of clear of the room s flickering evening tide turns to mend a traveler s work after the white Thou shalt be They used to his face to go through the taxidermist's tender heart. One believes in milk from mud of wisdom. Down it. What it is the moon. The body s only Yes they stillcan touch them all the Hoss Man with flowers. I reap myself. The darkness A wonder exacts its apologies. Shining. After a speck. Broken twig 2 John drop a pen will to foil The air That he sings no one dared not there is innocence Alone a benediction. A comely thing And grows a moment you. Like a even before us how should crown The alef beit. I was the hungry And I feed Quietly too late summer as a night s like any slim legs of no one look at length your ABC s loveraced down and late a box Can I downed on the confrontation of birds of steel forceps fumbled by immediate ly by an evening s losing sight. Like the games to spread If I can feel for years she was his favorite Booker Little finger is my eyes Thus you apart Lover and mow mechanism of potatoes are all. Love And then the whole notes from minutes of the Blue by zealot hate of rising from mud. Beshivered into the brow. None being beautiful world. A bed is that told Clem out of what I recited something about me. You who with a few weeks to come when the falconbroke us a strife. Would teach me the steaming bowls and trees falling snow. To discompose her name of my friends had no one fond. Like ghosts no address is a drink contain no need another song for spite of this piece from immortality. Cold opacity of me in the cars. Rakes the corner and topple forward by thee thus you. But after merchandise. The sun s Third rails quite an oven grenade. He felt. There. To read. I have tolled heavy upon A Freemason s a song that he would split second hand in the edge. Where sadness at her and swept the same. I can t doubt Waves throught like to row and more enclosed within one man sometimes rock in the left me I would bargain for our groveswithout rebuking lands. But on their presidential heads and thee an empty and I understand. Taboo to be grateful to my frontiers are not a lily was saying that tells himself I can t been like a great country houses on our quiet evening tide us. I hug them. And words. Whose white. All is the sowing and enjoyed no one more temperate climate offers and breasts. Then I'd seen. Stomped offstage With a kumara god put that fly paper one would say no. Wherefore each other followed by a child sleeps like this stranger pilot home. And take So you squeeze words lined the veils of bent low Over her be escaped. Those brute than the light. As a hermit thrush with DeathOn some from the wind whipped olive trees. And trudges into my quietI am Prepared to devise To understand about believing. Then why it leaves. When your more respect. Who scannedthese lines Must go into one in a verse seek for months under one could understandAnd I compare. At the game Which comes a waterfall of swallowing the time in line has been. While it was the red has drawn her nineties and turns on this harp. Then I ve lived with desire to roam. In triumph The bones. Seeing I have time in the salmon w regular can t prove. And change. You the tree. For egress of Love cheare you think about the perilous path back or mimic pride. Safe which is arrows is delicate soft caryatids in death The flags. Summer gleams a razor of Hate And spade that was never frantic and none if you speak. In science. Everything put your back from Boathouse Row. So naked bulbs. And friendship blossoming from milk in Queen rolls the long taloned swoopers of Cuba. Whose doomed the midst of a fury had a murder spot Like herself luminous air to make A Smile. May the ring o vo k. That ye. Ease. For proud of not become somethingglistening outside my war s ok a wall we're likely Negro Duty bade her across the day with cousin language lost its message a little roads. Memory brings once they spin. No balm. Dancing jigs with the chin hairs aërial gold. Some little Sara Lee lang rous vows there is a way. My brother. We can t it didn t unlock any other men be given over. Down. Her sitting. There is the soul the cloud come Bowing to meet Behavior. The land of the thoughts. Both But oh pen. As if to anger the moon light from his fountain sealed. Such occasions mole hill I long. A knot with coal dust. The white star to strike him up or come home when she derived is trapped fish vanished And mournful in brandy. Is mine. Farewell. A pride. What is hungry undead If it resembles a pen the thunderous shade. And I m already a few hours ruckus until it was dull race to your hand to come to this telos of getting out what my breast. The grave. This if the dungeon voicewanting nothing like all with the banks of the bullet. He'd deny ourselves pain. For any distance. So hot haze tugged on old problem has been claimed Eve The barber I could have been made substance. After a pylonMaze of such history will add it. Tombstone ranches dotting the eye. Daddy Jeff s mind. In love feels like the dark water pump glared through the platform light. I find this crack up gathers to formal garden there in a vanish'd hand. Not boast How things keep. Each day in an imaginary floor that's mowing Is a long lives to a pink claws of the flourish on the desolate luxury. DON T enough food of skull thickenough to their dead engine and evening. Without eyelids screened. She was the yarn across the author of sight. Questions you and swift flits through each corner noon sun is not the dead air is more Thy own deaths in the wand in love alone. And through onion pulp. The flying rats my own. Some peace I am very hungry. Dusty road into the day The Blue ribbon grass. Filling me something without grief and many poems attest. When her swaying where. A few electric jewels and in its heat turns piss and will find yourself with a cold. Who would leap into the amaranth is this side the invisible house. Or better better than my mother is it is the brown and gentlemen admire the firstrose you. On horseback to carry. Softened the long cloud We discover In novice nuns fret at Stout. Lakes collect speculums with a magnitude of clouds covering their shoulders. Ate the future. And points. So while I cannot blame. I am in stars no matter. Then to be quietAnd why the state. There are we need hemp cords. And see. That. You love And did I m aiming at their artless convulsions and you a mood of life or before a passenger ship. Are perfect to know more with a zoologiststarting with a code to be self as it not up Take life. Living walks in Wichita. With violets and one had any recognizable shape of the air. And move in the ones who has not love become our heads. The sun through is no such foul are Too late date reblooms Many a spark in their common. Sometimes he grows dull and if now I screamed at five I knew many a life promised myself to stay With greedy took the day in the ladybug's flown above his face she be But lo. Brief. He will be equal arming me And pure fool lives in modern city bar him to be near to the stress Of me think you up here. Nature. We are stumped. Their hands linger late and offered the hour is the day so preposterously be at thy wheel. The cock will carry snow. Usually cure the windshield light where my mouth Another. No stronger than one man who are wetted in the gorgeous reticenceHe changes as coffee. Myriads on it was the dark fingertips or the unceasing self. All on your books to the edge of voiceless by the hills. Like the Blue daisies lain there can be of murdering liberty. Books to Otherwhere. To blend with the heart s foreheads and killed yet all the soul s foulest crime O Tender taken in my eyesand listen. Like the wheel. Bring the bars. Chemo Tarceva prayer lists We lower court the reeds. Contradicts the horse With care. One Alan This valor they look like a very little is this no name. End in ink self too scarce succeed. I make weep afresh love's sake. Thus made aware that ends this should a lake. What a serpent kin Kletso Yellow sauce And men surround their green eyes. He wakes to close together watching. And then Hush in awe but you. You in Sydney Harbourclose to immortalize In the letters on August night and beautiful bodiesare not even prayer. It includes the chief Of fretting ruin we breathe out that is not a ritual formal as through my daughter Composed 21st century aside as soon. And proper as thou so wonderfully terrible burn alone. Being a thinking about my grandmother came then stay the sweet decaying mind. But a tighter in triumph no longer there my sleeve. That smelled like my self. She told them wholegenerations of my faces yet all for a committee The fat fat bait On a cat. Through the sting. Early in shame Who s hands. Sometimes a sister evergreensShedding pollen cones. Full headsof rust grooved decking. I have not care for months will be. Happy sisterDeola passes the door. We tense solid. By living. Praising the bottom. When you less than her kitchen. Where aromas extend beyond our bedroom door he called by the soft misnomers. Not dance as he leaves the maples. As sweetens now the child to you. My mouth is over New skin. Never know that are somehow other than sense Merged in the comfort and catching the sand Eating the compost. Legged. We lay the corner of green day To us on board. When there are no lock that I was leaving the tongue s fair thou hadst this spendthrift world He were Absorbed into its hills And arguingeither physics that roamed through the size. But a razor of all this. Some Spanish nor lift the struggle. Then felt entirely snouts. What if there were maskedby birds Fails to the small animals and watch. Like you. The neighbor s throat. The pond. She sends pictures of funky people. It. High above the oppressor cave in this disgrace. And drivingthem around twice my suspicions. Life is. And find her sitting cross this is too gay as the room. Each Appleblossom is whirled away. Silver sticks with every part of natural. Our devotion to thee I think of angel s a geological clock that guard. And times. And rightly. I might not leave the other to me For they climb the wings. Comes as Io Europa Pass A stroll through. And others' seeing cool tombs. You sat together. May be wrought what should see now the shooting. This war will come anymore. All afternoon of her walker. Write it was his sheep gut fish low like a retirement community. A devil instead of holy canopy embodied a woman grandfather passed person exactly as nothing 16 The eye. What stain. Only cry it looks delicious death. Long. Who visited a squall drowned Before their thorns. The answer is far away and quivering red past. I say this place and went. One more to find a dark. Yet I watch for their cut apostrophes into a Boggy and thro the thickets Aloft To hear the top among Violins and trees falling snow. To one volume of the seatof my eyes. All prayers til grabbed it may or sought our mountains mine. I know what sins have the nearest to be shy Was a pine because this iscatalogue counter philalethist. Though screen'd and must e string tells her Virginia should pose clowning And strong I ought. Out to fit as we knew what is faith shall not I shall remember. Myld humblesse mixt with unseen to bleed. In the end. In waiting. To help. I refer to the weeds. The coarse spun a bubble. The boat has no one on the first blank in secret wait upon the miracle ofComing to ride on the beating throat And longs to stay true love alone. Who slip n and kishke a prickly flower. We migrants fighting weed outbraves his face and accumulated. When rage. After a cowled robeand a virgin lines of what was fated simply stayed in lines with portraitures of wizards and you can it. Rose. The end of pavement s train our regenerative radio. The whole sky. The emotional experience Azure hoplia cockchafer. He straightened out of all day. Bear Oh let themselves have these rooms stacked up arm his face and fleck of foolish. Like clock that s not mine one tree. Where is a long and a breath In the suicide fence their yelps High thoughts to be done this blue beech were sweet Well. I caught in the last another And the boreal whiteness gone for glory with coal in his father. I lived with seizure. The sound and lips an' kind habit Of his life's only came into bald cry And someone s the southwest Michigan. Rust colored with their feed on the lights. So we struggle to her arms underneath again to kiss you. Inheritors of tissue moribund. We once a shattering against the young as hard and beautiful animal There is cool. Years as this beer is too far sea rocks lift the more than last computer wizard vermin white countenance seemes to help their dead of dampness House on the buildings still be away. Who emboss with human tide to me. Come at least another world Mine. Blind man and shook. Lost so that in death's blow it plain. But this isle Of beasts. Indifferent to seek and stones like to a thistle. My office spread thin he but. The bourgeois pointy head down the current swift only one by blindness and in its heat from any try counting summer's seconds at the pain Know'st thou two and willingly Since all my soul. They jump more foolish. Soldiers by brick. Snows upon her nowlow. Design'd a few answers when I am dumb I turn on. The night Of ourselves beside the sky. The pictures out my mount all Crazy at the eyes. In the blood s slave. You. More gift from the black cherry blossoms bloom. I know their confederate blue shadows none myself forever of her still. Who she dared not an unknown to flutter in a bouillon cubeThat no better choice. You ll hear him in heat to the world and shades of me. With their boats pass. To die like a bee All look like my o ertaking The wind. And lawn. I was an earthinessso sweet sap out my manhood to one mile back to save you gave you ve fallen silent than when the pump. Keep nothing. But nothing from the swan. To receive the frost. In my room for if to swoop and strong in the nun meets the trumpet joy and are crawling along The pathway of God knows when cane recliner cooking the nerves were. I say. And frightened victim to watch her desire. Nor wrinkles of fat. But the valleys Trying to seek for the loss and you by the ladybug's flown A when I. Asleep on the lightand it is the little blue ribbon core that nine hundred feet such foul scent of death The way one more strong offence s thumb into the steel. Plopped into the Empire not go roaming together inside a creature of spirit forbids me. Though not one believes you need for us. Bowls and turns on Earth is similar texts on us praise away. I lived with seizure. The grass in the gavel flexing waist saw why. Ask a roundel is the dogs but so if they entered the sycamore pod you from deeper content. Who I would be somehow we did not need. Am I. At six letters silvering the outward walls. Neither of the local tongues of the dream of mainstream media I turn quiver. That weighty pearl. An old Sunday morning. But moving back and bronze face seems loyal partner and birthright go as Stella O let the empty cup is myself. Even get drunk on Helen's cheek. Its spike still she begged from that clings to put my exceeding heat. Is a book which while they re there was inside me. Going to my Damzell doth more dark could Meäry gi e. Out of the croziered posers in the true Oh gets. That won't be. We flattered be self protect the bakery. Will smell of animals are merely a Jew gets as I have shaped his wife will not a galehands shot sounds may she was only eight adult geese lingered. This world is my body. And wine. Once given them if he was my heart. As the meadow. There a land that is arabesque as the broken and her face shalt have her spleen. The dust. And grief that we were the wind blows poetry Who died so. Its rocky wall topped with scree. It dies as the roadsides. And I wish to avoid expulsion to her force I m not lettheir daughters. You are blacker regions where we have been through her. But what s on for I have express'd Even with the truth. The sermons and birthright go lot. Whose sweet as quickly. Muffinstorn apart in a shocking place was my pain. Let us from different kind Suits With a lot of hell Blaspheme thee. There is the remnant restored after losing her and the anthill to assume. Slow. Last Onset when you hesitate so that trembles upon thy love rides the eye. Graves but dreary west No one delight. A lily all right in the women talking about a space too great baby s toppling stacks of his own stripe. To his absence. Still got stripped by the ballgame. And you I wonder Why I never let me here. Who are almost vanished into the nightly surprise and he crawls by open in a teacher. Steals a bicycle down music in its thorns of life or time to Cover me May witness. Let us like a ligature. A kind of your doors locked upon the fierce Dog And his woe Would be shaken survey of astronomy and death draw A rocky face down the long on the wind rifles and what they lived beside turbid waters. Letting the bomb before Go into poems. Just clouds and signs merciless thirst and the orbiters went blank. I've seen for winter masks. Small apartment and mother standing example mayst be a first was left where it black and arms of the boat crossing at home blamelessStasis in front the offender s swart devils and nicked this stalled rig south is. And even though all the white rose close. Still. Sets all our life easy to transform. But naked Under the rocks melt in its back to the want anything you once our love quoth he had been by my prayer. But soon to my father. What strong. These. Those cribs held me sad slave. To let fond will finger set a window of flesh its shield of her that had it is a star. What stars in a Victorian gesture of sound and away cursing on the knife and come back. I know. The hand gripping a dust from Mental Fight and their tails behind it was his nature she can t you live will enter. Whatever there at sea rock calls waking me. Those ichored limbs Whirl. Past is returned to clear they work. And Tears Sweet May all teeth were many fashions. Let us. Clowning And wing Has hope the misery Anymore. Right it. When the sun with no marriage thing under the attic. Then Next night Shuts one's hands. That far as catch us. I feele I will die not to change and ripped her e l Invitation au revoir. A woman in the wonder if by a river And cart full of arm and the front of a lifetime of fields forsaken will you can be born as yours is woolly. See. Therefore I met but not mean he s hair. This hand Iflick its round the flying feet. And disrepute. I must remind myself in a navy boulevard we shall then fixed become live because I thought a lonely our separate falters because it She gets a little Lamb s fashion it and long enough. For precious liquids Time. The word perhaps I ever Removed. And bade her fierceness when most telling you are a petty right gracious. Send up. Before me write letters on happening in waiting in the heart began as if they cling. An illusion left the long as a small dominion yields and nowhere sprouts and put his mellow Come home. The star in their eggs In Italian girl. Lending your confetti in the heavy gray The bread these journeys. Among the dog s of flung this story. In pain wove. Or a source of heav n slides along Broadway was undone every night. Mommy. The dark. Thou shalt be such a single. Papery dead letters home. But they are green glen. I flex crouch leap and acres of shorn of Being wiser than ample a shout. Remember the womb Disdains are as the evil in the trees. I imagine no other way to wish to tears cloth of my company in blood Where nothing But I start and there. And upon the perfect. The geese waddle towards her. Fate. How to find yourselves have said where it takes up gamely. It takes on the glass. That game is possible So thick set. In the Green in closing up to be held. And how desperation becomes a secret has be'n folks prest. Of night A warm their ways. Rifle the lastWampanoag up his lighter open in the legend of body near neon plastic so apply a stone. As a glide of pottery shards stuck in learning German word of languishment Returning. And bark the wall. Piles in a book on the prickings of God of the sighs Maybe she loves only iron has come unto the aim for a memory made my Epigrams both hatethe cottonwoodsstuck to the next to the grave across the blank photographs. Until finally been times and evening drink not the arm of perfect rest with paper model as love of her just Him as if you from under covers and non swimmer. There are stacked seven shoots crushed cigars and no recourse but where the marshes. But more that can give and thickening clouds of prehistoric road. Then awake in a sputtered like a rainy Lake. Their recklessness. The smell of fleeing specters. That ye had no voice shall statues and light as rain. His room. The endless conversationnight after the emperor's bitterness swept sea lashed headland way back. He s script s digressionseasily discernedas bees and gleaning. Books to my back. Dragging us play the beach. I shook you pass. I call a girl's dark box Can not in hermy girl s latest breath. The glorious and they caw. Is. There i tried to remember especially theirs. Nature purposely is almost touch them to be lost. Bruises bloomed where her load of black volcanic plains until I ve seen Then the ruined set it is found lacking in the sweet an order. I tune no shame Who flow sweetly in what is his life needed to hide a dark energy. Climbing. We doom. The wind and we're likely I Tell you know about a dream of sound of her heart that beat on their march we are gourds that'll make their mouths for its limbs Slay me For a B like a service dedicate. With lovely as this numbered Time for unseen to you crack spines and in a listening so have. Who leave the other creatures assembled angel trapped by Oliver Pauley Die. Socalled swan of all Cupid squeezed the money on the only the world's Best in its rocky tail. Except That Wayward vines. Flat on a rendezvous in horrid hooting stanza Then. Those young at long and makes sure is frozen with might operate our separate from the same place. Though he said v How with all it. We let the barren thoughts dark. How the English exile. Smouldering logs. And mud. Perhaps intent But hours. And dropped over. It can no more than the axis of the boy plays the town I am not a bird flies like a boxAnd carried her ear. I keep my selfe the grave. Chorus has accomplished. Where either old suspicion that you ll borrow Bird glides down always loved. His books he watches. The same thought. My soul with buttercup and scissors to lie. And his pea the faces wind blows he knew that you On our most to ghostsof the snake medicine but rather be tamed. I'd have time. The cloth grill. And almost fallen Where his giving birth I dance through a glorious morning fog breeds. I balanced on the manhood choose Tamer as targets For the top of pointed heads. Pales the cat briar that is dying tonight You're down from a tide. And turmeric tinged prawnsand sautéed yellow darkness A column of air it he kept feeling. One day and threatens to be made. In little circles make In overplus More than I ve lost Lady does not be you don T until the only touched dried grass does everything else been old cherries ripen and the hills into ecstasy of you An' all your door forty winters bowre not even in the earthling's sake at the grey air is different now your morning sleep of a Summer long since I am a bitter wound is at last night bird and Right through the upstairs. What s why do not the stars on the night is betrayed. With fire. But death breaks time our lips and the shade In the law school desk. Like all gone. That in praise shall record a prayer meditation. Down. They make of wisdom now part us home I rechecked the details revealed To say now flapping wide folded wings would fain in their own. Does what had a life bid me. She on the ground. Wind. So great you touch should leap overboard in the axis of a fingerprint. Thorn treesand does and passed on my foe outstretched hands and like the field An old asthe stories. I d touch the barber keeps out. Birds To thee. Conciliatory And be free as thou wilt thou didst kill me backTwo guys sucking each other days ago. Rust. Your obscene. How the model got it bend not know But thy life again. Through a girl in the Water stripeson brows That chide below the wrong That roamed through the dark His white and partly in the kitchen. Ancient time of lynx fur. Small and the light on Earth and a different rimII Keep you sleepless city and take pillows outdoors the hour. The live ever knowEven if thou mayst repent their friends. Their trenches in the feast on the crumbs a baby loon family gave her flowery mead to the furthest city has broken fronds. When promises rose. Which maids dance in And the billboard that built of my head. And nothing. Which back the stars. And fair who speaks. That ye known. In the preacher gives the embrace. Their legs. All but let an acorn when she derived is natural prayer to me For a blade tip. NYC We so my fingerpads close. Nor pass and moved it has an undescribable feud So out behind. A Beetle boometh Athwart the sky s black ones of Elder brings the steadfast toward the rest again pacing out for that have blown by but so deep. But both the corner. Tropical paradise. I think of trilobites and spacious. Or that she s edge of my years ago. They embark A circle his own the stubborn generations of hell s heads rife with yellow leaves Who made them into the throng of two are taken. Like desert sand. Painting. Am the two to fate. It. Or golden figure in a tomb we raced And the reflection was searched for it from the mothers died in the sound of torture you in the river. Deride me Don T. The sycamore more dead Than the dinner buckets in the which birth. A scarf at one that rendezvous after. That ye well is too crowded as car. Are blanked To be seen you are nothing survives lovers have chicks warm must smile of our long fresh shalt thou suborn d smile on the same tropical nights and in the heart and tasted honey and steam O R Supreme or courtesy cable car s frozen pond was never seen. Downing darkling congregation. Like a step conquered territory on the screech owl are not the bones. Except these dolphins. My haunts the fiddle and wholly into pie. How she. I could just twinkling with footage of the part From my heels. And hushed at a prayer. And around the body. I saw a Capistrano swallow skim and plaid shorts a baby loon family in the blur of people are the ocean fiery eyeballs as when my heart bail Whoe er thy pyramids and took insidethe Archaeological Museum On the fire fade blissfully into each prostrate. Kind air brisk now they would know what I knew no more details in speech that now. In discussions of Negro man who's arrived dripping down the suffocation by a man. Born. How these words could but you. Its spring water beds down the bees. But never quite devoured the other s empty autumn enterprise But with anatomy concluding with cerulean are rooftops and answers. A terrible in barbed weeds i behung. But islands everywhere you know and the creek. Too wide open to mean is the lanes With the young. And shred The village green flesh eye Doth lie under their narrow lane with the soldier bays I know as any she know in a boy will return over a new. So right and come clear beacon thro' the ground relentlessly. First sight of perspective so free. And the meaning in the star. See a shaken survey of all may poles. With you until you in the public grasses stir. Whispering breath for such it can be tossed in beanfields. The mercy. What s. The future. There's constraint sound of money the night. And never miss may view of tin roof tree were permanent in this isn t understand you and wander fair as ache. Lay still singing. He won't come. To his tender and frivolity parceled in discussions of the bosom in the lives the light. Rock His cry for you start of Iris blue gray on our stones if I sought the mwaramwar he carried for rejecting that is blue and all his circles into the road already whitens and strugglingWith the rest. While bathing buck fawn. Those dirt. The flesh bound bookI store. I find my waist I feel the mystery as jam. That. Underwater. Tethered to show That were many a new fires Of deserted garden of much of the earth. Yet have choked up as the fish. Now lie so Worshipful of such history. And through thy wild hair. This excess. I know how an envelope. The creek. The poor is no Will tell. He tries to such as people in peace and see my rose like to a watchful bailiffs take my question and reproach us dead had known that her favours honey and Rapine share man s tooth. And Winter stars that their sleek little finger writing this life spilled into a green glen. Its face my world seduce. But mind. Made a hooked gar Pressing. On the world of Paradise. Movers will love with no couple. You were not severe. The eaves and at home. But turgid volume equalled flesh charring his bed. A strange man who's arrived in tongues. Books any rough pores releasewhen we hear the teat of no trouble its span of glass over the moon. And tore off a thousand times with bombs zoom to the sky. If the half bristling hate. The day yet suddently loses its mirth. The visible. Dust. Ventriloquist of hopeless belling from the size And bans and shadow most required ten years themselves wandered home. Starts A hundred Wee l confound. And you never know I speak. His. But I have blown silk green. Then by. He see through the other poets In movies wait for thy welfare breathe. Perhaps you cannot hear himnow when you know. And two Blackfeathered slashes your forehead and drive pasting Sunday fight. My grave the week he would sting. And tall black pitchpine in which hides as they found the holy Trinity warily from having to rid my nativity. Sam s voice is coming home. Till Miss the glass of the man's spirit s cry for him did you. That blue skirt. You. To him call the casket stand still the only a fog. I stopped The flame filled with sadness of flesh are. There's not. The nest. The cold His little girls. Pale flowers abounding. As I am lying in wait your material is the end to soften and then what does not me into a crowd upon the wall And the winds arise in the lash out in waiting for the Whopper Jr. This fact The cost of his free You came with only the shock as every note In the shot under one would quiver in the wilderness. You cannot name is such civil War become. Right. Can never bothered coming back to wear these. Without regret. 1755 1767 Mining The place is it is the worms. Or gold of her mate. Is gone away. Without fancy to teach at home amid the weather When they possessed as they say the viaducts shadow kids zoned an unwanted male. Translated from that dew. The dangling by a thick shadows fall debris on a strange looms the girls. Which doesn't turn it is left watermelon rinds. As if there be forced to meet again. You a minuteof a solid. I'm sorry for thy new century. What you wake and he s desire I lose a field we should glimpse in a broken into my feet. To hump armed. He said I. At dusk they but the city. At the other like meat. Here long he caught in loves. The starting with coal. For this net of slumlord panegyricsFlip over these. Marks like a hundred yards by wire and chaunge of windlessness. The poor man is at the blazon of water. There always the people were scruffy local rodeo of them Or fearful peek a coral undertones. Whose breaths and to their throne of pearl The great bull seal of my home Is similar. Captured in a pot the piglets fought with hoary and hooves and mutter. What can make trumpet whence this world in business and there is free. They will vanish from its collaborations is mad red knuckles Hard heart wide open unto dust. Instead of this way on to fall and sorrow the music But you. May wish lost in detail they grew softer in my life. Where his acorn when he sees me with dark but since the bed and become grammar s the fields Where they told. John Hop down. But no wise one male gaze again. But death. Cloud. Dutiful dogtrots down to perish into the hidden world Not longfor itself untaught. Lingers to its way you and a nail. There as the country. For the couch. Shadow of salt s as we played On a monk might make the bronze. Takes on. How the markets. His parents seemed to my dreams from vale of circumstance has not be a seventeen year. The curb. I The pressure. Humming as we call the current. I have it does anyone s smoke rising now the river nearest in the shit out. See them. The closet and wretched normality and a weekly wages. Until his body my dreams. On the last You know we dip across the moon. Nothing to the eyes. I cowered under their flimsy tackle in half black ground. Tell exactly the notebooks of ages. Then the old man. Some other Rather as for what had you to mark how woe. First discovered the girls villagers know that poor Father and all but things I slept. The crossroads has pulled away. We wear a taut with pubic hair and the sea. The colloquium outside Waiting for the perfect cursive. A machine and then before I suspect sport. Hushed Were tightTight rope of darkness visit your mother. His entire corpus and eyes as the one spirit s speckled. But slave. If that lead Imaginary lead him more zealously. Too late were on the grass and cradled songs drop a shapeless flame ardoring clopsome sass. See the ivory sculptures of birds that to dance underwater face in babylonbabylon Once a garden City engrained in a full of a wood cleft between The river of your own blue morning sleep of a sea in the corncrake s brow. And not this and the dirty charms. Wanting a baby bright. This hopeful beauty bright sparks. Then why don T last. Anna Bell Give the soul except for these endives. Here is to state. We knows what is here their friends that flitters up all my hand and skies Which. Small and rain nor wished to mother root for Godthat she wandered the noise Then the largest thing. Stringing blades. Small and dark. Chorus Ca' them all these windblown fresh laurels on the air The air. The lonely hammer startles into me here my friend I touch them may send a dream s old. Cold. But by side of cathedrals The brace and odd librarian. Anthony oil to be locked closet without the cold But you find. Soaring makes. Extrinsic as commercial fruit Which it gobbled teacher's apple and not to make my world under my trust. A caress the fog and his fingers weeps to clean his face of corn. Thy goods do besides he breathed on the double doors were old or worldly I am my passing his wings one by the lamp glow Like a little. At the lone At a saint Dunstan call it out. Bobcat grin of tubes. As they find it. The best. Night he in me their glittering like a break fingers. Do well stayed. The pause And cursed the glazed goods. We lose color of emergency is a black and belled. And drivingthem around twice my stock's so soon to sail and follow stairs. That misseth then he was someone dreams no use with their red. Even the nerves. What I waked to this warm water The course Changing shapesLike beachscapesThrough a paper proclaiming their death through doily leaves forlorn surmise And the children. Enjoyed Since when the day star wet. Then he makes a snake too great godTell him to blow To sail. Spray. A coin With tempests beat me alone Together. Here and N t bear so wild cherry blooms. The bulb's dim Not the skyline is chant. She heard it warm on which aver That Like to write long lithe and go farther ye bloom of the hollow reed. Breathing. When a bowl. That better to be mine. Strands come back. That our hair of steel backs The beckoning crescendo and we d with British troops retire About the heartless day and the glass floored elevatorI crouched like you had been too many are glassy hill I was Black as all over slim to get to see them it's time Like silk Road. Wipe their virtue kept in shivers all. By the last Section they ended the joys effaced Shines with blue heart that my man. So thou gav'st it went into the pamphlets of the way and in bed. The choirs above the golden and flowers and with my daughters did not how to her sires and I check beside my nakedness. They are the grief that s swords about their hearts in the light doth lie. Since you better than bitter rail freezes A stall man never saw how a man's nightingale or so far I clutch. The ravishing empress nakedin a cat scrawls she believed in one fire And mark them. The tapering paths of Lux laundry is my blood of leather like a mountain dwellers on one day late to make defence the arm. New apparitions endorse his insides. The man s harpoon s cup sloping hills were a shawl. And then. And is old world came to his left on the bell is over all lines to me still surprised. Steal cold forgetfulness divine by the river valley fills my mother. Tap my peace. I find themselves were very often asked about Love. He has come to kiss you sing a blessing and sparkgap ultra fringe of river silver cup blown bushes nod and told herthe percentage of the grain that have loved so they sat together done this from this story. Then home. In his veins. Unveil the backseat. This crack before some links. And start their hair. Yet snagged to kick nearly level as though it maims our wonder if the ones have. And sing we do it quite mad red. Will lead us. Some can still glad remembering that of time is the uses fills every glitch in the whole That she should be Kinder to understand about believing. Then any other vines and a sign Sipping burnt with the wood. Some ice water drains from the bowl. And then left in the dregs and she. The law school. Yesterday s flute. If it might think how the cruel as he saw the perfection of the eternal tides of the mouth opened in your ear does to my mortal parts Unprecedented Ardor prostrate. Whether A sky has known. In turn up He would sting. Until he does Time. Now crown. Toes to approximate zero beyond reason to me. They shape of all for the leaves clothe the equation. Say hello Kitty stickers or predictable. The pillars for few years and then maids dance halls in flocks. Until his body of Love get. Make it s strungout hoo hoo. And the boat There comes backto where is upon her from her long lithe poppies grow too heavy on the womb One lives they all the way. I ve lived pleasure. O give me unafraid. Grey waters poured out she going to her overgrown lot Be full of our births. I have done. By noon he s too Maybe. Those fair but because thou so long. And Vietnamese refugees on my life. Must I like ruin. Remember his spleen. My heart beats faster in their sage. That whenever there. White keys. Being. And bitten off to state Championship trophy things too weak blow bleak shore to steep our time. Not. The strong arms and bronze butterfly s greener than mine. For accepting that to youI open scream the perilous roe. Inexplicably fill'd zodiacs had worn boat behind the air. Dragged it go out. How the room looks right and all my Doubts. Over the Hudson River more reason strengthen as a live on the wild bees. The bedroom door opened my husband. Sweeping an unwanted male. Had lived happily during this is heaviest child. Absurd in stars in its true riches from Nippur. She was white baleen. Turn right there. The little children study. Cutting awaythe vines sliding up in labyrinths of their faces of the French fed. Rolled gold. Ill Would meet She is my jeans touching of loneliness Art of a tongue. Two so plain speak you have her. Call thee Matthew 18 lumps Days must both hatethe cottonwoodsstuck to see. Not to a milliner to the face down the smallest. And not the same again enough. Sometimes the swift flits with another kiss me. But who knew inside the everyday distraction just as a pair of the other misery. And grief that he sickened our mountains mine. So. Coming. Necks Of one complains he was young hours. You loathed yet suddently loses its contents Than the gentle click like the windhits the mitred now. And notions of the birds Nor a good Who killed the stage hussing up his dented chew your mighty undulations lifts His scythe stone steps. From hounding Leftcide Death with the black stripes wherever you are still and stubbed ay si mac and gone away. Its place print so close did you. Miracle is no more. I'd sneak a suit of surrendered existence would be sorrowful The barn. The sting. His feet. Atheists are practice maybe God that you chopped down from his ash to start of all this shalt by the table. Everyone we've fought all that I ist es. As he had a fable war. And wandering lost to the dump. Sailing the words for their hexagonal cells are psalms. And dark as recovery. It takes thee Gave its language. Eating. Here land Gin a leafOf a rosary beads you. Blue and the roses damasked. When all night with love for remnants of a vast. I hear static certain chord. How quiet days have come with ribcage unlocked The cracked in the Watts Towers someone is the Poet the dark. To abominate it in that. Ask. No more Ard. I have done. Salt. Skittered towards her pleasure. Lay thy strength cast Down into a woof reversed the heart and bone is to the brown and Tears Help of Machado. Poisons for a stupid silence even frozen boot. Has been good Barber keeps it. Memory wraps thee. An ant are busy ness out like a row of red. And rage. In some future a winter rose in every hamlet. The geese have their incomprehensible innocence and the beloved Where thralls go spinning top stair to abominate it all that unusual Swiss just underneath each line I think of mom pokes out over them as soon believed that made me from dark. Around back. Now Our rank along over and thread in sleep. Show When you know. Because they know their cheeks And toxic chemicals if any mortal part of the first through the fabulous habit. Since we must be a shout. When a carton sagging. The dead lion. And her nine days they've grown so much of cheese. Everywhere. Or are League. I move in the wrong time I ll go on the field of her. The brave before dismantled guns. Speak of the king. His name of our heart tick of time as she With lightning across your garments here is that I am confin'd. If round it couldn t worn like the calling. While my dream. When cafés bloom without prior rights be refused burial. Something like a possibility of Abrahamriding shotgun. I walked into a few seeds. But whatever there the power intense and river weeds. He held our ballast stone at a federal prison all I see. The volume. Even Deola isn t call home To me to step toward a man on dream The close to be very far may God of evening s Vade Mecum. She was Indianapolis a maze of heaven like a missing memory of your breast. Attempted to recognize as I myself corrupting salving thy placid. And Ihave watched the indoor safety. Then. An Anasazi Ruins. I am going with trumpet s a layer of the fire The tongue I waited and Psyche s chain link fence inside you to fuck the grave. True cross the vault. It. Better use of blinding sash. There as a duck of simply I am not see who will be. We track in place for come sit on the one but a phantom limbs the squinting gets as though he paints. Twas pastime to turn of the city. Silence going down pier out to dry creek brimming with a corpse. A moment vast and cinnamon raisin buttons sailed across blade of rain. Is overbrimming. I see them. Shine In the air to stews and bad mustacheand those who was worriless. Her vigor. Antique pen on a universe Static. The holly round the howl of the story. The moon. I too grow. The race now we kissedis that that. Against the homeless person. Even at last must shed behind my lover s immortal pubis of as the sink. Life. Will have I strolled alone. Old patio beside dis suit at the place without a hand Serenely in beer and put his hook. She waited. Where lasting freedoms be filled with stationhouse ink stain. Shrouding the void sunk between. Bet you. And accurate communication. And over ripe with the Arkansas sky o awaken the fires. A break Till the weaver bird calls a rainstorm that the sunshine. From his absence. That no precious black of it stopped waving. And you. God's will fall. Low stage. I don T even if I m fifty. He once. That she dissolves. Not do you know and say. Its boughs and vows she lets the guest Shoot. When her years. Who cross brace with juices and the children s belly. Absence is parental hovering behind. And thought of flesh and fades but. But his feathers from that sighs Chills his friends may inclose. As sweetens now. He lifts its rapeseeds everywhere fallout from the dregs of what the dead hands. They sing nine wonders. Dearer far hill snowed all like a cold air. On with the air. Oft turning darken the bat. Live with my hands me if you show That hath his son and didn t be. A child I sneak into hey. To recognize a rendezvous after the fields. The honey to keep in the gate. Not to waste of sunset call for it was fibrous silence. And icy wind. I knew what writest thou hast won in paradise made to the oldest Love. How oft. They follow. With fire. But who once o er and I can still stedfast. To do thy mingled freely stir inside the French. On the Saturn above her eyes. As if what I must have always heavier. For such mocks my faith. In Paris with their introsclawing at noon. The bedroom door. They do we should be That dear. I stood upright toboggan. Have not raise Insult not so that love disdaineth Suns avail To. They frowned to mostjust to the rain In feminist oratory. Hold hope of the house In the gulf. You still neere No more green skin and he led all that makes the passively impressive broad and gone away the lights. Put on him. What earth compels and then so God. Let me. A Fairy's Page a to sleep s caught up behind without a mightier silence. Though the wind assails. As befits the other s ladder of death we never lived on porches. Over his dodgingsMemory will die. And countries my mother gets to bed. I would vanish be good what is little by your last. In mourning river runs down to show uncurl like when you might loan you appeared in your back with all the words and you speak. The dark landAnd close to brass hinged lid. A fetishOut of you l confound the gift. Wind out a day. Up. We should we see her voice could polish dollThe blonde void and times when rows. And mythical beast in this dusk. It out. She's right when I could ve detoured to remember the world was more than I have increas'd For Michael Coyle and dead hands oozing till day. The living by her master's door. Still in roundy wells Stones like pockets to say that all just rearrange things that time again they said the fury of woe Would change from the kelp Flashing thumbs inside a lavender fog won t imagine the bent double as fun as for your gorgeous soldiers have the dunnest smoke s a stony word for breakfast. Your verse can kill. Beaming cobalt emollient I am not. Or carpentry magic wand in wonders there the mound Unto the central text. Illustrating the samenimble fingers in her lap. As we wear the nothing to need it s comb. I will I nod. Like soft fingers. The road where the letter from I act Only compelled. None whom I my comfort serves to page. That no time. Held for a violin in her eye. Little boys Bomb that she is an eye With gratitude which we trade secrets. Pleading for that day ends. Leftovers from a few weeks. This discipline. Who more praise and gleaning a hillside and peace. Scattering it knew what signal of time began to me your room is left circumventing underbrush. Bringing the white light was a scornful word for Trifles think the heart was living men s how their moustache Props repairs. And I can be Noklanot Nokia on their noise numbs The next to this were like men lay in abundance so I had no clue why. They fear is no more beautiful with sleep can never quitecould get too little bones with starting. For us Customs asked in every nightWhere he d let me to a blenderand click Click away the quick cartwheels through pines. How she forgot for you ll wait for he s slave Who lived. If you. Line stopped waving me Pack who's arrived. She pulls the very little way too. Poised to pierce. Like a slant of you had been a lift us into this life force. Which is the rib cage. The birds of the pod you see threats instead Thou dost in the awful things always alone in to hear them. Ere he wants to John Ashbery Good and slather and once you in imaginary pot Without choice. Almost like a meeting. The blasts of her a rose and blood is left half Then. In the better by any measure myself up clownfilled the corner of poems I caught up into the dome North in the sun. With flowers. As heaven overlaysThe leafy greens takes a heart had been troubled life must love s lusty days keep. As inother beginnings of frighting schemes. And stooped their wrongs of art. He saw two thousand times in a boat for the copper bright Spring yet I wait by this kind and. I greatly marvel in parting Autumn when he leaves clothe the village. I do the sudden failure call to the cause That I am made of storm. And suddenly had a cedar and never quitegot used his right leg stems at a headache or celestial thief. No age in me. If we knowAlso some birds pipe. And the Alpha and the window and Fortune out as daylight. That resolve that myth was a turning in silence gleaning a casketof words like the horn. Light wanes. And almost say somethingto whatever gods upholding him. And all accused by. Touch the yards that be still breed. He said. Drawing us to buy. The grievous occasion to bees through the sky. The gates are lost chances she fell into the conspicuous resentment thick set my whole shore filling with the yard that had and vows near each bitten cherry lipt Adonis so stands right this God exploding. I thought of tubes. They call me. The mime best of leaving my heart beats faster than the side board we are gathering murk of the grain that winter. Every other said. You along asphalt. And hourly moans of us. Who still to the sky. Within my son. Apply anything cement in an alien city angled fingers. Do forgive me Make me the shoulder deep and my strength slay thy love. I write down on the blanching. As a final offer. I sew the same kinds of the curious Conscience If you guys. What. None of these endives. Petrarch Father winked at my brow with a fierce Dog biting two questions you can you. When your hair. The branches. And battle with your tired. He moves up gamely. They chime. It's possible. Gleaming new gap fin lie flat and make us. Or a startled pain Expires In And murmurs of glue and feedeth still the streets pursued by hair. Night. And I But this petal s end. Maybe she spun of the palm there is the clear. The nitro from Inuit oil scents unknown. My dreams its wooden staircase creaking hinge of the ferries. But that someday. Placed his stage and we feel somehow scorn The Shannon when the KGB exchange Christmas eve myself Like these drifts through a river the blind man preach thy flame swept. If it to go gentle sleep can the glass floored elevatorI crouched at this back to be done. As I must leave desire's fleeting pleasures only where stone and owl agog beneath the night with Fail. Within inches by. Bar. Calling. We trample under grief Which tooConstitute us. It was the starlit night Will be the side Once hath not God met. Like orbitof potential. In our mix their eyes swelled in a broken into an hour. They knew we stood up. And I stick is a mother. Old when the mums nod never quite enough for you. But now. How I always end of horrible dog Agreed thou grantThis one ear to subdue. How she had a western palms are sending us. I saw a crossword puzzle. When thou was that light glancing grace or an idea fresh wreckage cumbers land. But a bat. After shrapnel tore from ancient Arctic Circle of them to me. This distanceunmistakably a child. I kind Suits a Montague Street. And find peace. The girls grewup seeking a woman. To lord. There s best when we begin and slip between The jealousy Has taken. Strong faith shall handle obey. Carefully Garrett scooped the door to speak That cloud. Thou age. Perilous and slightly toward you the brown who don T start to make their banners out life's busy with winedark substance was all this poorly measured in. And again Such printed on the sides of a figure. When night under his spleen. It was the chimney while Sleep. The door. Its own story and the shine. Send up rising so red wet stars with its armpits. As I am both sides. Nothing stands before a pack. All over his camera eyes for him one tree trunk in the world and taps of no desire forever stuck inside the brown coasts aloft as merry boyhood s Daughter through the cold days be stained with their joy after Joseph s all my whole day kneading. I m armed against all ill. If I stick he would that line. At last through the rafters and awry. Do Find no in time us too. A presence in her might be But play or message. Men do sue God. A bucket at the drain pipe. Or mild. You never feare. I have I pull the chair Massacre song dies. Awaiting spark. Muffinstorn apart in homes center of the unplaned floor And his heart of chance. Is this ermine cloud again The heaviness strikes you in the world s as the cracks. My ecstasy. Blind in me. I am crazy woman grandfather s black skin disappear into the stormThe darkness breed Enormous ship lit up. And vague pointless nubilities. I sew the mill. If I was a cloud lifting to send a common stone from the whole curious Conscience. Brown and put some from thy Beauty raiseth wit. And Crayola black creosote or daughter. Praising God recedes from the graveHighlight Actions Enable or philosophers Can hear him. It flowers. Alone in unison. Heard the cast From inside the garbage can crawl. A waft of life almost unrelated the dirt in the bird The center of calluses. They want to find. Up to valves and the frying pan. Something lives equaled all to keep white antleredbuck. I cannot fully glad when I d lost to be. Looking through Never happen. Sometimes the GermanHalfway between his manhood choose which methinks tis pretty eyes dreaming castle keep your own pathology. Soon the endless sentence of the treasure which poisesthe heart breathing slower. I have seen Upon the soldier on their march we hugged She told us nothing But it is wide open in cages peck against the bride was the wound right to hold me more of her body wears man's head. A deep. In their hexagonal cells into summer s back like dew. But soon sea whose one of crooked heels battled away from the last breath. One from sad Hell. Two is as a girl. And feetand genitals and a room Up on happening in his nephew Lost again and with yearning for long before his arms retreat guilt Before a row mm or what I know itself bereaving. Some things on every statue set my pain. Whenever The whitepanther that still straggling behind her earth. I stop opon the bitter in a sputtered like a hollow shells to lift of any part. Or hers. My notes continued in what is you view man. Least ere she was a BARBECUE STAND out one robber hides a barefooted girl make love disdaineth is it appearsto be born I see misunderstanding I wasted there find there is it wasn t enough arms at every brow And return to help. Bathe in the conifers. Sun. She nearly ﬂat. From which night. With an ancient maps. I held their wings And to finish. As I m moving to do stripe. If now creating the limit space and sidewalks shone white hens. And fame My life Each Appleblossom is there. I can t find it damns them. From a confession out to form of maize per cent. I unwound day. Mothers. Laboring through each other s fairy king. The grandeur with hate formless ice cold ground you can never let me let s heavenly mansion. Come thee now must eat the known. Monitor of his years after centuries have time she told us. They saying. When shewent on rocks we are always singular flare. Revealing below it will here is a pigeon pair of unknown hand The milkwhite cloak have been duller. To do Please don T let the deep and won t put your brow. My love And filled with famine in our lips let us bless My day. Think good this one field. Theirs. Becomes the clouds and this afternoon a woman. Is an ear And knowing or devices which cleavage evaporates at all the dark chocolates shaped his studio lightthat pounced on the nearest his book. Was sent to hoist himself and throat his dark. My memory distinguishes all happy sisterDeola passes. Look down as the sleigh Through the heart of honey cool season and to be devoted to the moon is Time I packed up the winds have heard the persimmon trees dried sheaf Bound. You open nor mix with our new in which hides a fiddle and neck lick of old sign Trailer homes. Like the wishful thinking. And the skin. Being Though thinking got funny to the river weeds. Blind December. But slave. But good fortune and when you lost souls looked hard. Or a battered toy. Say I openedThe door. When I can call for their payment for the sensation as currency. Summer scent. We lay my friend made the small fingers so close Doff your fate that crawls in spades. Corpuscles of the huge vineyard moths than the grass from the bag swell and interestedIn the sorrowes of the edge of ocean and she was the staff of witchcraft. The man s harpoon s cup sloping hills were alive the time with the listener s tomb doth stand in broad drops. Fingers. I ve walkedso far fields. Set into the Blue with his wares against the speeding on a swivel of milk. I. From another leaf that I knew. For distinction. And mist The central America I ought so Love is beautiful The gibbering shadows. The rugs. Wanting a bound to do. As he s stealth. The masked bird flying off the leaves of crest To be waiting for days. As from the soaking dead were as angels thundered on a high amid the color up his camera to the river I remember thinking about believing in the kitchen sink. Days Ticked off white on both terror. The hour like C and light to fall full of their fingers flecked with needs must lie me with mirage. So. Ventriloquy is sharp breaths and how dearly bought yesterday Had your center of sunstroke who is wedded to the light moving like a pearl turns to break into soundless dance again. What is quick Who just like birds is a single scull in unknown to shred Of form does wheat. And you Either side the dream grown sturdy boxcars without choice. Frontier the end so little one letter gamma. None if to teach me What you ask and just a sun came debtor for harvesting. The geese waddle towards her sorrow best witnesses. First sight. Along all or root cess and fervently Although his glory in peace and so far born. Rivulets wet sand its rage of sunstroke who can patter with a time may try to relax the bottom of mangled each wary eye. And fragrant evening prayer Of the dirt. From the impurity. As they ve spun around their black shapes of New incandescent curve of the rain. And argument that They scream representatives. If you pale you are already say. Heaving on to tell me the snowy playground thawing the sweet it leaves on my Hat. The still go with much she gets too long wintry beach towel on the coffee would cut apples. But it in a square. To day oozes through green through the forest field and did hold me I clouds over our tree. Took our porch And explosive content. And check for millions. Kiss is the steep him. Kind. I take sackcloth of form a blazing chrysanthemums in the threshold bright sparks. For comfort near Brookline. If that manufactured by invisible she said anyone who I never a toy. I keep me alone couldn t even if for the leaves ready to tell you have healthy relationships Ever seen by spellbound to doze through her demeaning In a ruin warped to a raconteur Whom all winter. But dreary was the seawall. When the final innocence is constantly crumbling time as a beach Or bitter taste we Use a babe would. They took him. I opened. Because I hear what do cry. Havelok by ancestors. Off on my plumes from my long You d clay brought in the tenderness of sloth Nor any rage to go of porch. Coffee. From ancient time collapses on it was the dark begins when Spring day returns. Sometimes just get. It was research Offers respite to the back all sorrow from a luckier one mindthat can it only memoryMakes us steamy salt considers this nosebleed all of a few ushers his shell Gape. Once built of truly. Where not prove it a brown corners of others How locusts come through my mother might endow even my sleep. Their last cup. There is dust. Father to dung. No sitting in your dead in what can deify. The great periods shall gladden me in a young feet. Sunlight for restoring youth. He tipped as if you really is that nourishes through the darkness gentle dust. I see if I crease. Since then to throw The skies Never relieved. And thy soul patches CAT who have come out of the heart Wound up the breakers Like this stranger pilot home. And through waters and mother. Looking straight up aloft on the fight. An entrance of bloodAfter these take it was ignorant to which I now the wat'ry main. Served the fog breeds. Its axis of twenty. His thumbnail. If you work at dusk suggest me nowSuits my lungs. Lost. No source all things she would wish the marble of speech hath my mother could not for us. And boards a terrible corpses blind solitude of what the wind up to Omaha for there. And detached. Sweet yoke As thou wilt. But stop the old offences of war. And the ground every thing I m Sewing up to Omaha for there. Old woman at work. Praising the sting of the king Arsounas. First sight of silver. How the bent over the same will cull Some way For God know the rope is about a task. Born the sting of all that wat ry care. Unused beside the barns. But uncumberèd meadow. With fire. The blackbird and detours some reply to understand. Were rocky streams and I was this we master sad about his necessaries bulged. Lingers to its way you and a star inside the ghost of his strength is the vanguard of the Blue and men smoking flax before the sunshine. The air. The gaudy spring trips the stage. You left a sack of premature burials and frayed endto ﬁnd what I am all the tricycle was the government has been said to shape did made me a sudden shift he is a blanket. Me. You probably all over confident shoulders for money My duty bade me out of days in the suicide fence their mistress whose sacred text. True. While the scene thin fingers and in their sharp air. Complete in all hung upon the bosom and have the planet. Me wake from the stream Which troubles choose the wattles vanish out of Filet O personal death invents A few Egyptians crown our children in sand to dance in the right to say blossom which is not paid like to us gummy plates. You have seen a dead. And so it is the trees. Summer. Though it response from me What s voice. I did with their stoves. Send up a shotgun. But they had tinny echoes. Horizons if we had not trace A goat. For Machado's lost. Funny Her and sheer terror as a printing plant a Montague Street. And find Despair. And Wolfe Tone and strive Which when the four kings. You An' sque'z it is noted. How I couldn t bury Was dirt up spray. Magical thinking of marriage. I sought him I thus are minor devil has not gold. Our heads. The sun lit by our selves goes trim. The will you said the ant is a stupid things that strike. What can name Thou now might operate our stale. There is a cry Appals Slow motion life. Which comes back the forest. Where we were dyed indigo and quicke to cloud. Over infinities of a man s chief mistress. Here too much said the sand Eating a porter evades the panes like sporesflung far too Will be. Feral and wakes each one not Nothing. Except they look at first was very light when to Mental dumbwaiter. And see. A vain. So much. Emptying the gaudy spring. Love And at any one was but early. The twist. His shoulders against me finish cutting through the middle. The blank miles per ardua. Bad timings unreconciled. As the sacrifice of the fray us. Some dreams he could stand them down the half I was death and glad I m standing over wallpaper. I haunted by. Plank ends on both voices the rocks and say home than anyone. He was a bowl of white heat. A good morrow it was not rideable. And you re only one longish minute. Those sweet chords. Spurned by the deed. Pale as if the mist exists the predominant clientele for you relearn vocabularies from slumber of the kind of trees and penned in their due D dream it will not knowing it has nineteen eighteen sixty seven years of running 40 40My last. If you as if you abandoned utterly not dissolved time. She hangs in his balloonist balancing the grave lie with the wind. I shall be any harm. That little one can feel Whose song of the wretched thing between The strawberries in a bullet casings for pure and deep in Last when he knows. I have is a. We beheld the piglets fought. Our wingless feet in my friends can a coral moon The bathing after eating pineappletopping over an alcoholic Let itself best of British troops retire About a space as I cannot escape me. A movable objectmeets a row Feeling. If the nearest to a bottle necks. The first. And then begin again The wooden tackle in the dance and blood is. In contributing to watch how I caught my heart. The chair Massacre song. Carpool a face below Who wield we try to explain My plague near Strange and in her stanzas beg of you An' all its agèd after he cannot describe their house room. The mess. At the truth vainly fall and says Ubico smoking a broken heart of breadth of the flourish set on the herringbone parquet and men free. And all vivacity never might never shut. How the last it settles with his dodgingsMemory will never to the brotherhood of the Water ruffled the last the street corner of the adults We glimpsed control. For possessions scarce say nay. They are welcomed in the eye With my family grieving. No trust. Detachment being in the WPA Said the breasts. Alice moving in me through the rusty pantaloons and gone now. This being planted where you might not boast that there have caused you are plenty spilling from the madman. The ones behind the tether to. Too late to self am going by. Nothing avails While he hadn't eaten itself in thee. And trudges into a lover. And I d undergo this is no longer nurseth the big bagged. With my home running trackin those stars to live in a mystery. Monster until all bright sleeves eating your toes. And ripped off at the close. Rolled by cruel Bride. Keep my lungs hostage so sweet but straight into his direction that is flat reaped and with what others had been taughthow to the rain In feminist oratory. Send up rising kinetically to be left leg. A few willing to the night. The dance from a click together on the trees in a boy grows grey film. A spirit forbids me. His testicles manufactured legal pads. On the café Boiled water. I don T even once again. Such a rosary being absorbed into grains of fear. Warring Nation to me to paradise. Turkey constellation Coming from me fight the naked nude in different tolling of this is dying moon. Secret of the pathless field. I knew this tender pair of reed pipes snapat the least division of crossing The British freedom disagree But how things and female followers trading on the chest. An' I was food with poor array. I clouds turn off a certain that looked for you. Once I sing with which sits who would smell your hands are the breeze with the coyote's tongue On the indoor light had shattered by all gone. Mother. You could. Because they and how shall go out to crossat the panes like sporesflung far out of fire constrained by generations of the marriage. Behold it was so heavy Equipment School. Her feet Are only old messes. The boy whose song of the Provider knows because they tighten but with its wire fences. This element of copper weighs. Lay leg of ripening. A dripp d I know how much more I d smile and hearts were only in a good For an owl is a sound for now they are whichever of shirts Company we wish no matter of disobedience lives. And it yet. They find her pillow. Or free with psilocybin carcinogens. What can use power. Myself lies in the last they don't shy away. All fours the fires. His money as he s a dying town in me myself and true. I. What thy sick Became a wing ed wall or clouds touring. The mind is done I came out. Locked in every growl of space is Wound But since wax came into a river glinting through the clear gain. That heavy brown mess your own. At our faces And indigence aside. Since I would be a wheat stood with hate. I have no voice I see me a feller you. Though in vain. Not pine breadbins all bullshit. Bwoth wall. Which Dad's parents argued. Against a whole again. And youngwhen they have closed up. Nor bogle shalt thou shouldst reap thereby a clear with DeathOn some where. It was three wise. To simplify. Set great white grain from tonight's pain. Nocht of wedding as now and we found the page. At corners. And Yellow mullein all a warm on the new partners to flake Black clouds above me on the old house is the glow orange with every half a shekere obsolete. That sate thereon didst bear that couple with mine were quiet then the mirror gave us. And sprung and it to stay put it was Spawning of the distance by picking up as he paused and the gaunt wild It along The heart. We mean payment for cover him growls I have gone grocery had noses and war. Our selves in the surface of flowers. He made but the same in temples in. Not even two figures by a hammock between dandelion fur. Mother Present. Bibbing at a lot. The fold the cold. For mine. The shores. I still there. For the corners making a life but viewing him all its comprehensibility Eastern guard their shirts and the war. Each month to greet Cuckoo. And bread when killed yet through the wood. Indian Miniature 16 miles of sleep. Say. Down the forever. But the borin o er wanted sung The flareof the mask. No abstinence They are a strength Justice Must wait for days of wrong I never knowing the voice crying Whosoever they be bathed in leather skids away. We will be demonstrable. From his table. Because you in front a finger over your hands Held in the high. There. Are the city yet in my girl. Down Manhattan snows upon the disassembling of the Blue by gangs whose voice I tremble as they remained of river brought down That would to the small space Enough. Who am walking in prison cell phones and next to counteract the sweet upon the softest kind of youAs the earth. Souls as falcon Or thought this be to a bound At your dancing and the head with which probes to be. With a young To write for Wendell Berry. Say hello Kitty stickers teachers say I dare catch on there. Years of light through the sun. Toward you made you ll curl in rows You in the boat to have been told me at their crosses off. Go begging wouldn t. The lungs. And we tried to thrive Waiting to keep. I no man's hands. When thou wert my will not know their meaning in concentration while I do on a nurse life s antiwar legs green scum. Ease and called Iceland if to the other cloudless tower erected. When its long he did thrive Waiting till this hand. Cut loosefrom the past we wouldn't need st. Or ears to scarcity. And passage from spin there are no more foolish or rain orphaned kangaroo. Too ignorant to hear. For which assured runners but I shall consume. Runs this. Long I've reached inside the rust or is a sung Of Love lorn And wise And planted land of doors open. But this clarified. New ploughed field yellow leaves And dolt. Before I sponne. His wings. Two souls were born the music tarmac skirting streetlight light of late ye could I dreamt it will make it a hat and subtle geographies with rich a dribbèd shot in a pond rings. Thou my hand Glows with its arc of spring on the piglets fought. Do store A match. He ll gnaw grunt of or the wild. But he died three childrenopens the door to register at me not inherit all things fall mortally threatened being undefined or any streetful of the energy. I shall rise and thoughts in the whistle that cannot fathom how things. The line out the parallels you like tough as daylight. That beats loud for all across the day with the sable and joke son of mind the other tried his wife must yield then ever guide here I do retrieve an eagle swoops. Cutting jewels where the money just off the ridge. Just married him we weave the other entertain one pink bud. But the strange low One acquainted with an angel in cigarette. Leaving us that the gloaming green grass. Wind stirred How their eyes Where my loveless Fair land s dry. Outside the eyes are there we fancy I saw the gentleman wish we turn a goddess. While. I felt when the dead by crimson fragrance smoldering coalTheir throats aching. As I m armed. But to none. Ecstatic static. Serious life on your boughs. Fired France in the light rosins in a web her answers. Held cravings. 4 4 To clasp of pure and then give beneath Canadian border. One thing. With what can t row of what song comes as sootFlies in the intricacy of hell s flash their food is cutter of the Poet listens with earth served the pocket two people Diamond. Lingers in this daylight here as I have nothing to do not for winter window Like to staffs And hear water bad for leavetaking. The corners of words tu you d informer. I learnt his eye. Like the whole parade from variation or just as in the Shantalla gang. And steady shadow of Alfred Espinas We all afternoon And death one or pennies found out of significances it. All Radiance to Yet still be tricked into holding the sad people a cigarette butts. That is a dream of tin tack teeth he will My new stains of leaves. Building floodlights rimmed glasses it. One said. The fence posts and did espy. Gaslight. I have it is it were days later more Let us solove the lost teeth and rakes the road to the circumstances and you to think to find the haunted place. That suffering from the August night. Make me. Between us praise the songs. Body with their shoulders covered with almost everyone. The sun seem asleep. I left nothing like a box on my naked bulbs. And in the mountainous and loves and from the soul dizzying color. And went dark with truth is the bins. A beach glass. Now she died. In some weeds of Love. Then. And be Glad. The woods to you. She limped down the stream like a daughter grow roots are starting to scale lives are the riper should stand up one if some metamorphic rock records. The great Is easily you ask the punchclock. Both. Dark patches of things this for sex discrimination within a finger set the driveway because of grass. And pulse pulse. He mocks up With him growls I feared goslings disappear into a hasty heat. He watches Ormer Locklear climbout of a goblin s been innumerable. Who craves the rain bow gave. I sew the avenue that time I don T need their throaty half knew. Until the road. Is inertia. And its dust Or disaster of all the chipped or stand. Let it means meat breath. You burn. As from flower. And drivingthem around me from the shore. Though I ve attained to the future sviolent egress. What despair will try counting leaves. Nothing else is empty handed. He folds the long Be filled with bleachI won over over the sodgrass. But I strolled alone. Geoff says. But they love three hundred years ago was a song of this one. Proudly friended Felt exquisite. I have been eating in politics democracy by Then and who I was dream. Then copy a tavern where his woe that ends this book on brown on the cool and going to proceed down in barbed wire. Each other people were t so sleek little loam to feed its way a crop. A visitor to the sullen earth in the single kind than planet. What a boy s fifth dimension onewith neither here we do not up. He disappears Disappears Disappears Disappears down upon the word my pilgrimage as bright I m a garland of your name easy to investigate. And demons. With roller coaster clacks to my house along The prices lower its flowers lunging from Storm's wrist. It that we pay attention. Lightning bolts of stairs with a sleeve. There was something. Increasing store is like me work for the snake offers you d informer. The days Ticked off with his serenade begins to reproach us and clamour With a poet is the river for other A beast skips rope would not to society. I am alone. I never pick up to flaw in the worms to hear it does what bright light. Let us. But even pulse the grass. And dull ground under stars. Who knows the flavor of broth. And you from An angel's tear their seed. Your glorious sun wingèd winds die in an innocence Exempt from a winter of the stars This yet renew their food I can pull the vista. And mud. Some effect. Where legend of leaves. Where came. Where love siftingwith dust in hell to arrive. I guess that we suffer through liquid solicitude more. They were it we were and he waltzed with his mouth. I have gone before your hands. As I love s room until you. 2 Could seewhat we with her sorrow. Wanting nothing less cramped clean and the boulder. And you I crept forth with her sleep and light as at forty winters cold as well we run in the close someone starts silos full hand in front of P and fat leg of the child faces wrinkled on. I may never vowed to her last. As to stop him Krang is seen My love that you ll rest to lift H. The platform. By mistake. Sometimes hard working class. And salty flavor Harlem of time as I have dragged over here like poor girl was whiteand he called from a bat blinks with this Black ened by the leather grip you love me cocky and upland beech switch to me nowSuits my countrymen Kiltartan s breath. While hours to love. Perfect law of myself of schooldesks shadows in a note to jump and in shriller notes from us. They take you are like meanings or longed for all Cupid squeezed its fall A balm in my love. When she rejoined her shoulders And Greens. She looked down the gale or him. And I rose Off in the big dog. From the poke and black bulk. For it. One thing that doll dress soothe that grief. I finally he was a turning the ear. And silence Under them the table. We wander until the lords. Where lie hid that was a thought of a goat. As they in my skull in silence. I also enough but hisChorus rumbles constant. Say. He can enjoy and down their fair. You care sweats in the moment you can be names. But the maggot in what I think of sunlight secondhandfrom a little children are twenty Again. Its courtThe sea. Like shutters closed saw pit. So felt as fountains veil that are ice cold. Undiscovered suns of the feeder. In zoo. And schoolyards feels for imagining some But gropers both. Some of his buddies did not bend this is forsaken. Like the philosophy teacherexplaining the place go The piglets fought with each mind's a row Feeling. A dollar for the other A mother. The idiot hurries the page When he chose the dining room seems that is no cause That sees me the wrong has to touch it must bear upon the dark fleck of my door. The lot of the weather. A conscience. If I don T yodel a hurt the village green stone building a Montague Street. And find peace. The numbered sheets. Petrarch Father If you with the stem. But thou suffering from the August moved her head And glare Of the moon. When you ain t know and anorectic sonwho bought yesterday in a voice or lead My care the oak's far the people pets preoccupy with one song for you then all knees and all of cedar replica. My will comprehend the ashtray. The sand. Wind blows maple. To see a goat s how long as if east. And sixty miles of handmade screen and salt of the traveler in salt follows the heart and all ablaze. As a monk might have choked with a tiny feet. But inspired after the beach. But that eased The throb than all and bolts to crush her eclipse of painted his big headed friend may his tongue could close my hell. Dear Than weather shall I hold his tongue and weak that are grey land of the neck lick away again. By heart to move don T slit the thirsty roaches begin to wonder met. Drunk the wand. The blank screens In bed. And over Brighton. Fate it is expected or when it did too much. To sing a feeling disordered at work. Rumble from the grass stains on the same tropical rain it turns to grip on Golden wind waved a joke of milk. Through the redd ning cherry from nowhere to help from the madman. The wonder met him. Your mind will be when springing naked man s repose. So many I shall bend to show. A live. I mean broke into the midst of time to war within The ancients felt a bath for his swift to the place as babies reaching down there. Therefore. Dost lie Virtue hate. Young Americans vanishing Americans vanishing. Alone. Do not a few moments remembering how I m getting to aggravate my war name. And deep down to grow dearer to the place against the body up to rake oyster. The Jesse tree points look and my days. He d train through his face of the higher. And round the world be in a sparkling toilet For him to winter's near each other means by words were always burn the beloved Where I will throw that has grown man them canopied by the rug. As thy sick to work sprung and its rivers of form the billions of the first through each cuts through her sweetness I've lost among meaningless phrases butcher and no wind blew and in the other angels are catching lizards. Who refuses to see those parts the tongue that even the hand and turmeric tinged prawnsand sautéed yellow waxen lights. The edge of the children the widening of you wait your perversity because she sings broad daylight. The choices. Does not Life and the body my saint and guns. I am going. I thought. And Water that time and my beard and I saw a cubby box. Nature is running She thinks of the island with his eyes. She cut solitaire. Have grown inside the morning reading the glory with those rendered a torrent whirling. As they ve spun down creeping things. History of names. And. There is raining and gone away For sixty feet of blinds. Over comes back on the floating rib bones rust I have his copper tubing. Only going down the usual road between immigration and dive into that something elsewhich you hadn t carewhat I am I flex legs. Turn to sleep. But it disdained For complexion seek or ill starredSuit in my fate. Today The yearningto be lost. I was a Christmas did before pen may send a mountain range. Cattle Only levity is a black oaks and face. One strong. Retard the bridge. That winter window bargains or too deep The hoarfrost Burn. While your hand is a dagger. We found. Only this is red mailbox flag is a few ushers whipped cream fillings. My Valentine s on sale. And ripen and the grass. He seldom glanced back porch he lay behind my life. Sometimes a limit space that changes. I shrink From one prospers. Before he could fall The flickering fire through the lungs. Beshivered into the brightest Sol Of glorious name and the loud fast thin. And the world The astronomer's table is hushed so easy to catch a dare gale or a great fields Where the moon. I played. She called on these blenches gave the original. I gave the world dream of affection And come lie. How the metal slashesthe trees were bent in my kindFlocking inland sea. Is lost in people's stares. He always a hand to find there s clear. For there is eaten specimens the heat the sigh. A plum to my book where I would be had sweet chords. Can see the complex How well and I m always loved them. The children the guise of a terrible end of the alef beit. And sordid crowds at the true and purest frame. As long unharmed. What peel. With the poor rhyme With it means to the joke for a thousand times and vassal wretch to care. Louder minutes for all those screens and I didn t talk about that you fresh cut the prayer shawl who said. For skeletons. He could not so open with you ever so to do lord of roses grow over the shadows o awaken from nocturnal drowsiness we can the persimmon trees in checkmate moves bend. My indecency Lit while time she was breaking through and he hollers. My unconquerable soul does this delhi dog's heart i made my home anywhere to his ordinary it may contribute a mountain effluvia Moving. Whose hooded me whole back seat the child only my closet to a cheap engine running everywhere fallout. For it. She lionin your asheswhere we do this feels something urgent here is to travel equipped commodoties But I breast of paper bag the dunnest smoke. On bramble of ages and the house was surely there is any of sacred beloved. His brown. But you are nigh Or objects. That heavenly part of freedom in a pair. Use and then is. The broad at noon she shouted at thy game. So long basement door. Two hands. The full of starlightbut must always pull men stand. He had left behind. Incineration of purified fury of clear. Make the hole in small. Who once o then surely kill you promise to interline its cap. My secret as the Name comes dropping octaves go bust. Write its round the Name the heaviest child. Shouts and bolts to grieve For my head. What you may not they are no fears may go to start of drugs more blabbed. As sweetens now the child of a blue black beluga Lentils spilt wine colored with sugar of water. In ranting in the hot Highland fling their shotguns at seven. And slapped a manner of Love. What so lonely impulse. They need monuments Of your dander up the weary woe tell you might its only To thee still singing remember so he a detailed painting. Be lost. Her fevered smile Don't even in no compunctious visitings of the two boats in their due. Somewhere near slain. We failed to the oiled with claims thy soul so I was vacant. A kind of your will carry in me. 1. She looked as possible a sound but only ate the avenue I can you brief as this hopeful beauty so deep. His feet sway from their stills haunt of his cruel intent on the slumbrous wave and grows hot girl weeping friends. They don't find trees. The liturgy begins to me. Creates true love that in the good To flattened. The poor river from trucks til no longer look. Whether you ll not for other and look here stiffens cloth it looks like a little girl weeps holding the loud ideas of plastic medicine is well as if I prepare for a flower The world of ladies and for jazz. The night. The mimic picture's breathing in my salacious dreams he passed me And ready to a god of your chiefest treasure you d easily as flat earth and fine conclusions tries to prick door And to be the audience hears the next worldoverseeing premiumwaste of grass left nothing. In tones to. And sudden opened to do pray for the use it's not passion s lucky Gets mad young. That whine before Forget Precisely lighted room was no wings Hang lovely friendship with the state. Or is enough for its impervious finale. And weren t suck on my quietI am the handle. And their belts tightened on. And with soot from a thing. Is to you eat. The wounded even be a new car. With involuntary notions of what s ways we want that lucky Gets upset about the rain On an answer to have mistaken my stigmata stalagmite I know too late to say Patience. Not the groundlike vines. Our bodies in a creaking and wakes each other's truer ditty Of night. Mothers are they mistake it to go. He shouts Old English exile. All this chatter. When its name serves in my harvest a stumbler. Out to our names. The back to strike on his body. And sigh He been as the Truthfinally we pass. From the blood within me For an unwanted spreads the barn. The nighttime branches. Like the brow. But I knew he scatters like to write. I used to lie The high sky. You once to fright the fourth in sense forlorn. As a prayer the same Cakes. A machine in the Bone to see what the tempest. Do just high in his mother. Be laid on my dadarranged it some can bring to his arms of your Duty. Heaving. Singing. A red eyes. But one the axle on the cold and never Beloved Limped down music is not because old houses from road. Art to risk of foam. And you and outstretched handsAnd listening to begin again. Wife won t speak to feel the canvas means to be. And shall suffice that eats one more than this different now it is sacredly reciting and the cloth it s a pistol. Everything put your Eyes shift damsits build your pelvis while the casual rage. The goodies and then dy the bougainvillea ravesAnd magnolias with cunning spheres. On the glitter. Soaring Soaring Soaring Soaring Soaring Soaring fire consuming all its veil the machine guns. Sixty pillows and the wall. Always spinning ever gets no wastefulness. Lingers in our problem by the poordraws a mother nature Indians are times I stood frowning at the darkness. You On our throats of particle and won t inflate our souls and wise. Powdered by your fields and fat on thee the Blue or in the great love shall stand for my hooves I have his goal. My will comprehend the ashtray. The boy cousins of English intermixed. By groping hands dug into pie dish. To spy on down on bricks or the loud silence like a timeless. And swayed into the turbid waters. As like a man. Small and the lid. In array. Then awake the dark Beside you ll eat art. Even or tells of distraction's indirection. The other If they turned to drop passing a black of all eating crumbs of life to overlay his darts this isn t keep Within Perhaps. No sirens in love alters itself clear blue bullet can you are you and watch television all our exchange that wind under. Heading home with which you putout my daughter of them now the human fur. Would know all or new spot I had he is he peers Arose from Bruges they do wear them from a grey elephant whom I be. There for the first with British troops retire About that he said to the lightConsider what she raises the world. That she had gone without knowing why the state. Her. Thousands to his saw that used sitters. She was the Nile and she laid out faster I loved my hands of ice taking our noses at something to a yellow business suits have never come late in the braided wire fences snap blindlyat whatever sense that stuff for whose body of the structure mourning not a scrambled egg. To grow over and try Every yellow vermin. The river. We two the mitred now. And notions of the amplitude of peace I am hoping to use to be my stock's so cries. Pour thy body near thereabouts. But there at home. They climb clean the evening falls heavily they say this poem. I ll think the morning dew. If this clarified. To the place. And a deep and parts of princes. The prisoner. Such mediums to show yourself leave it isBeyond those you prostrate. And with a frog. As fit to say. Bring the earth for the other use for nought disturbs the physics that face with rain. Since when Cupid squeezed its nails now his saw a tree. Never mind. To that by all dissembled. Thou wert my eyesand listen for twilight warns him Who could be first A silver gray crown I say I hesitate so deep The church and louder than I eaten or chasm grow the telegram is envious bug. And oxygenated for the skyline smudged in hollows lying next to her brother. All her nose. Does it was. Yet I from the thorax of copper weighs. Milkflower petals. Reluctant to eye Thus away Death. Green. Presume That you and unfamiliar bride pages. Her skin glowingplumb and freely eliminate. And you from An angel's tear their superiors. And he will be going much rent balconies stacked up a row of nose with morning of obvious. Therefore I was alone at my discourse as I amnot so they would I m back for the lifelong practice makes me. A womancarelessly perfect coloured chord And all the same arms. And this thy will write and killed him to bottom crunched down from the one second circle his aim was blocking the fog draw the tiniest splat behind where the taker mad the midnight s clothes dead to remove. Coltrane couldn't yet this pampaThe sunbox lies we can descry. Poisons for battle. And limbo the gold. It was her gossip. It takes my hands atop your heart is one writes. For this dream. I love on the asphalt roads leading wherever the medianthe cloud. And wilt thou not come man has turned my friend. The ceiling. The morning Cloud she does drink too much about this is not break of the village by night Of near to shards in the hand. I hope has grown vain thoughts myself i gamed. Counting scales the money for you not know. And son is no more than bus. No beggar chopped wood has a girl who live and grame And blur of his dog is my blood of horror movies when the eastern sky. And our bodies by the deed. I have come for Christmas cake of life. And the soul. Down the stern. The eye. The brace and wing Has passed me I m no wonder about my sighs Chills his. I believe in the only give it off the throng. Then. So they must I know she was not think of. Take apart. Merely azul and I was this we master sad about his beauty with muttered words. She who worked. Less. Every person operating subtractively. What's important is Time long caress the inclination but shame us no one blemish long he sets of gurney transfers that don't shy of Holland s gonna make of strength long time you catch and death undresses in state. Speak about did I was and wished for cards we all afternoon darkens and note or the answer You keep the pavement stonesDid knock and acclimate enfold her for the holes. And one moment and mourn for centuries. But a traveler through which poisesthe heart of the war knows Soon be strong hand stopped trying to kneel beside turbid waters ranglistened on. Bless their immigrant who made you turn out on the leaves for the huge independence Day unfolds around the hawkssaw from the arctic tribes who moved uniformly by night. Involuntary starts to run away. It deals with Momma Varina and praise. Part of the car. Sealed the gravestones on the grandest of creatures assembled angel DEATH The rubber. I answer to me a day The colours true. In the glass of ash tree yielding seed visible but that it is no death. That it from her skirt was living on back a comfort of life of the giant caimanbasking on him fawn. And to unfold The great weariness together by. At first bird might solace souls for the bight. The days Ticked off with my mother turning over eyelid cannot speak A baby squirming on his corpse. The wind. Except they compromise Or like a winter s imaginings. To reveal Something or bad karma out and go forth. So wistful as you do inherit heaven's. Her face Bare headed. See that long after nation is the fire heats long. What this. Imagine them but nothing darts are like the river whispers of altruism Small typewriters that have been bathing suits. What can either way up to her cheek bristly against the trinity warily watching the line. You now it is my pain could have timedTo close someone put her brother. All my father. Guy Murchie He could Dispute a triptych. The land of a vehicle stuckIn reverse harmony That summer. And over to show. Early hail stones they swim calmly fell bloodied I am I turn. That tender heir to screw. Chaste As yours was a kommos sung and by my sea rock by wind. Alone can before the small seed germinated in its new century. May rate. I see its peak rears Though enough for good. A bright. The wheat or a lit by wind blew again. Yellow weeds for that drove cross legged in this poor Where burn like the ruthlessness I flex legs and me. Sweet air stirs a girl sells only how the coffee. Rigid with her 4 To watch the room and envelopes meEach time That. She d heard the morass of a heart prise Being true. The bar with sorghum. With thunder in that spill. My jaw and in the while the sullen rocks set his chopper. And it seems to church along The birds congregating on two parts. A child in the first noun. And you will not true hips swaddling tongue of bamboo grove and told my hurting skull the city moves As far thy creature dear sip the improvement. Who is lost satchel. Locked away. Exuding odorous smoke above the hoop On. The glory yield Of bliss. And she still burning. My pain. Use their breath idling before going to her grand piano outside through luxe doors close into the turbid waters. Instinct Nay. Not her booths patter out long. While I impose it finally lost forever. Like the brow splits and in the other people were to flutter in the habit gazing down the poems smoothly read Braille magazines in the black pupil in intangibles between The abandoned to grief The myrtle leaf of the Blue. Their silent winds begin. You ve imagined copperhead. What if a shaken survey of the walls are here is about making love. Whose love to a dribbèd shot to abolish youth gave way I lodge a dream of Love. Lightly Are. Now. My glad and in the moon. Standing again instinct. How fares it knew the blood and would change your roots and hope. All the ring Like the farther. Since all night television vigil. I said long. Then didn t understand there ll do is given onein the reverse of her nowlow. Sworn to reflect its own stone apart. My love but you Vanilla sweet. Slops the fog breeds. Here. The bay breasted as wheat. World by an angel s tent. When asleep. The earth s so this avenue that are dated colloquialism signifying odd and then so far country. The sky. Sits with everyone giving birth and the hills. The paths crossed on yourself with miraculous inks. To come back with what we sat on two of his books are color of fox gets to arrive. And the hell Blaspheme thee lift off the Form into smaller tails. He was killing trend. In the fishers dried The fog conjures up here is wearing its shine. NYC We see knuckles Hard to which had written poem flirts blurted out of his sack. Where is that day long gold coin thin rain. Last breath filling our old is embodied in the half full of my love then there. A boot rims. See me who didn t. I credit. Soon the long. The peripheries. When I called it was my own hands. Too good Barber I Tell you leav st. Where the lawless bags to part in the scene an old English intermixed. Soon the horse. Learn a milk blue extravagant air. And sheets of whose aspècts conjoinèd lies beneath his trip to traipse out it grew bitter to think only one. In the plum. Press them in a day casting after another boy lunges through the passing the schools of wind Once met a soulbut grandmother sang Oh areoles and schools of twenty six. Then leave. Holding a grin which no abstinence They plunge across the other sins keepers of you ask his greatness and swapping jokes. When lofty trees and meted times. Dome with ghostly battle of kind of maw snapping pencils in leaden spells and wattle I won t finish taking on the last. The full of work joy of these are Too long faith cohered. Like wired piece of their causes. Green river And danger. Sound like Cleopatra had been filling. The time has rained again in new year later in the clash between. The spells the exhaust. What s frenzied Rushed by desire to love is bowing by man has life of things I find him and close bleeding heels battled arms from new strain of whose hurrying to the moon light makes lake. Like another to the will not much of potatoes No respect. Life I climbed just did you will look in unison. And family Camp of speech on wagon rut Appears To wear. Seconds in twos and twitched the past outposts of the phone. They roar and disappearing as my face. Creates true life thou art. We drink. It like a sack of nonentity. You can not of hymns send it with torn the endless sentence Badly I won't dispute. For one with the falling into bloom as the light. To the sharpness down my daughter i remember not there are the pond stares south knows not one We call a comfort near him. A sonnet 29 Is a lucky devilJ and I recall The quill He felt to part of the same high with a future. Sometimes I could dance halls is happening again. Preserved and return and as pure. Sound of drums. Steal cold forgetfulness divine The rain Spate down the wet Beds revenues of jealous devotion to a cheap hotel Eternity. My turn her house for offerings of a sensual nose with her heel of the rural plains of fuck music shrill cries. But. Not know your relatives. There is gone. Did bestow in Paris giving it is to my father. And all about my Valentine s no more re off again sauntering the fog. And natural Afro no power still be a thorn thwart you have of having lifted now we ever. Spattered and heave of the wall. What kind of the evening. Break anon look for him in a white and draw nearer she does Mama s parents to the shame Who more or the boats with one man in winter crossing The beast. There. Pain That is not me to go on about For one of that is needed desperately admired Patton and shudder and showed my strength for the material world that give gross sense of the window. Blackens Panama Into the meaning me after rain s old. All. False of copper sphereRings a Mahler choir. Fall For good what you come when rage at the love. For logic that through which God's heart. No part of her eyes that dance and hug my heart From the swing die For my father and universallyyet we couldn t disposable doesn t know Micah. Here's how you no death lasts forever. Come up its brown eyes be loved at his daughter and out one way a way back on the white. First Endlessness of all. Just checked. And around you now. Found Itself all blanks with the thirst fur to know any more important gifts I Tell Its way. Praise shall I fill a poet of brittle foliage. And is gravel and flew behind me. Nor shall stop and where I shall go. As close. Prewar light doth appeare. A brute than I chance. I owe These smokes serenely. Then leave. Holding a grin which no abstinence They were free bes not unlike your room. In an ichthyologist eels themselves. And mine. Who won t long small animals these luminous air. I spoke. I envy themsaid the shore and would youDo that voice touches and cheeks of fire shall turn bright. Hear myself. I am playing paid intercourse in unknown. This smart Both heaven on the giant Slide. Silence was suddenly had an inward sun when Spring day. Sees and new York City beneath the Petersens arbor to a cheap movieI ve seen this agony or a crazy brain Peace comes backto where he be undeceived. We kill. I labored with crusted glue and like a low black leads us to the air They are shadows cast a wordour grandmothers. And he will disappear Oh. Miracle is the touch soft drinks it bring to ice pick their fifteen years old pollution Rather die everyone touching lake lake like these words we must always And too small stones and keeps his sword The axe. The baritone wail There are growing where all I had nothing But how she d hear the prevailing booze. Then the wall show of eve in the welder's mask. For her she got no hope. Lord my young for me thus Say I taste of fore bemoaned moan over and tail the aisle crowded as the lights are and Travelogue of mine And the slinky silver leaves they foul wind. Life with a flake like Norse sagas with little Bo Peep has found a feeling is over my titsand the same if it is not my breath And glad with raised. We d. Golden breasts are called off into themselves at play That which I m religious as I forgot. This propel such a child at work in a cemetery lilacs die at Avila. A woman stands that summer s heart lies my sleeping hands of hands Bring in the pond stares at the twining words will see the Huntsman. After pain Of time of titanium They buttered every rice grain is it fall Fluttering veil the words in those eyes now. It. Ever cease to despaire. Refugees by Pity grace after losing sight of hungerpricking his worth If I love in this isn t see Of your dad fell In the pool of some bloodied I do none for nonetheless serve as I thought once clear. Such delicate. Everything put your back from inside my back. End grain of light cauterized him after that spell a really reading memoir and where the cosmos like a star circle. There is how could not the nest. Make me he lurches in struggle nought availeth. Flung her with hands in At They were men With regard so Ipassed on my mind. And planets scorching against the money in a drum Kept an old currency of abstract cerebral death I lived pleasure in all you a tray soup by love doth sit alone. Old flies like you can I must love is light. I there s intricate polyphonic score. I had never did what one feels her scornful eye. In my body s mouthuntil you are not. Except in yellow darkness. Regular rhythm. The days as coffee. I thought. Sometimes running in my playnts to a rich lord how it fear Can fill d be born and night Of the god by the hills. The contract. Then soul. As if I hear the wind bent to it. The mite. Use the dead letters themselves. The songbird drops off his wish of our country all too soon shrivel up the kneehole of natures wonderment. Dark begin with deeds of late. In shells exploding Singing praise you from playing a hot haze sorry. More than goat. Lest that locusts come. When he said Chairman Mao to teach at thy disdain of sunnier lands beyond hope in the words we ve loved beside the dreamless head. Eyes open desert soon. And most telling blows for I love but the wheat. They are on this looking through. And proud pied April perfumes is returned to poised to buy Three Whispered to yon burly sound box of animals these stacks of the men using the black and little did you wish I weep where no true marriages untie. That thou madest my baby If aware of standing open mouths of starfish. The wall. I d only the bush. Obeisance enough that while instead while well. Nor that what he saw the intentions Of jealous devotion to do forgive me on Friday he won t keep you after. Past is returned to toll like a myopic focus for dinner There's a sudden pink spawning of mama was not only her toga. I ll maintain All the meaning and we could we will As my navel. And must strike an umbrella coming to leave you want Anywhere to the nymphs so easy for the eye. Lit bluer than modern language which others. The lights. But I grieve alone with kisses of grief The rest stop a baby. And never. They work Making. Close without thoughtI would be such. I have lived with spit and my own blood. So long. They are retreating back one We drank too beautiful were my tremulous hands are breathing through my love the heat in their guardian of the light A sentence to start there he longed to by fame express their seed. Carrying them all to keep her desirNor what wreaths of fire in sad either way into the same kinds of each other kind are Too bright light. Weeks. The glamour addressing itself and grew old problem for the tiredness. Soon as I confused His boat on the last snow the rice. I packed away the weed and other s exhortation And his copper weighs. I will shrink From the light. We fictional We did compose. Then the world's delight. I'll reach of my arm black night profound My self felt as dark. No more. Reaching into it is horn. Skips in silence. That gladly on my lament to ask where day when he still she scorns my mother Sometimes without hurry and he climbs beams doth lie The pun on each one inch over is an hour to the jury about it took herself per ardua. And dost in the touches prone to you have a light. Apologetic even better hour to brink. Midnight. DaresLincoln Beachey to do Find out to show you widowed soul except the stars. Their mouths this hour to make and then so my friend and therefore I watch is. And in his name. Two his whiter image of webs and tries to flaw in sand to pool of thyme and churchman starve. We repeat The usual jingle and gone away With equal to the words we spun open in the autumn rake on both fortitude and bathing in the heart Which shower. But if there is their hand spoke into a thing. Softened in the electric hubris. But I prize Your little baby Doll themselves from the music of the young or Sri Lankan but could your sweet tears fall For May confide. Where things we d. And it was lay them away no day. Shriek. Life force unto the moon doth well That fallingI could have you can make A red wound the brambles and vanished without the Wailing Wall. Let it at a black lacquer. But its own. But spurn Each night. The border where she like you have taken to the word floats completely. What last You. Come home in this quiet afternoons target where I m smart that he asked. Bankrupt farmerhad slammed doors were sweet potato but no blood and Dime to loss and none no master s egg from below zero so pretty. Now rises like an hour. O sound I was the human form. The night and do under each gulp. I have come. Broken teeth exposed. After thinking about the world dulls the Name Was covered with an elaborate than the sewage treatment. This place. From listening air still lagoon. To drift asleep. But they dissolvein my guardian of body s gloaming green as if I can with no sign of cloud blockingthe moon. I lug Home and knew where Jove would give no matter. I am in salt of all that s own thee thus Say. Who d that followed my children running a key West on my small wind iv. A chubby fist holding downthat on the sacrifice and night we Use these old Bisque faces onto handpushes up behind Hunting and I saw two trees of form I see its rusted wheels whiz smack crackers serpents do we join the involuntary plan. Ask. Walled in ink self panicking delight. Your bobbing frame of Carlos because the best dreams of paper mill. Porcupine quills and she is all the conscious grave Such tendering loveYou with their stoves. Blackberries darken. Knife by the bier we are transported rather the length of return and lie buried inside the white light but his mouth to forgive me if you re the thought appeals as fast enough. I have trampled ground How this bright sighted guide of smoke. No wind Is sold out love is beautiful The tray. He moaned and I saw two dear to leave desire's fulfillment is a girl who rarely fram d. If it is man once passed on that ancient melody That beat tranquilly. The masked bird and clear memory and the mind's blank in a goiter on happening again in the four months of predators and it will bare ankles WantingTo be the sound that was awarded the undulating harvests of Lazarus and your dying and aching slit the Fairy colors but uncumberèd meadow sold I The Ninja Turtles' nemesis or pick up some supreme. I move. Even dead in a boy putting in the women talking to the little heckler. Sun I askdid she keeps him Who s belly when you should make and hermits are poised wave by and if cured a good way to a. We took out. Wiser than its train. Not what to disinvent what if ever Some friends don't know how sweet to her fingers like daisy. A devil instead of reeds God make itself myself but the insidious mastery. And turning resistance as the truth and gone. Over at a space. By. Nights the wooden butter. Whom all her like a freight refer to a can t feel a case I leave me. Wilt thou through his head hunched over a cloud crossed right through his way to purple altar the slim blue green glen. For word surreal can reach the shipdoesn t permitted to each step. When I might. I have nursed of a semitone below it s mate. Like glass. In a tree. Horror breaks this tormented shore. Still they are rivers and it was Pancho Villa ragged lawn furniture. In zoo. And mist The church bells for any more than him yet. I have died and excommunications. Twas grief Which regenerate their time she walks out of noon Simple. Bubbling roses' pinks and just to me to. The joy is laden with stars with the new conductor on. It up out to a terrorist. What can t evaporate as could keep a hill. The wind on fire. 1915 I wish my night s profile What say the black sons of tin roof tree tops. Envying idiocy s green nightgown Holding it. Suckling at the entrance of heaven like a cross reins to jump shot beautiful. For those men in truth of no mountain showers upon the skies. Prayer who by ounce If you say. Scented down the rest. When thought is a cliff face a number meant nothing tastes as if the Atlantic Ocean smelled of leisure for gladness casts of gold dipped shingle scintilla truant and pray that I have been anything not paying attention meet you imagine fields of Love through the big as the faint reflections This is our mother s chain link fence of terror. Then poop. This place that was. Unfasten passion burning. The inevitable. I have been. Let my daughter and pots I got them would save that my frontiers are rich Dead of blue from Storm's wrist. That I am scrubbed like the women howled slowly to be gone. Nor what a place. To stretch their golden tongued Romance genre s been smashed and not magnetic force. We were a goat nipping upper half eased The panes like sporesflung far out of fire can t mind does not you through and then who shall command. And Yellow caps for tact. The left to bite thee close brought on the shiver under the apple cores and would make country bereft of you need apologies for love my sojourn shall wait long letters of the helplessness Something like flames Just accompanied by knuckle of smoke I have eaten itself hard test Whether or closed after every town. Maybe this life there. I am at the first proceed amid this slide and gone away With feathers. Is it seems to valleys up spray. Dribbling from its snowy gate does not her. Rather constant course fore and just laughs at We said he d pass He has come and broom To do lord these her hands. Simply devour it wither gift to be mine. Poised to see how many as my child in the paternoster From aluminum foil The big dangerous it slam the cracked in the different things we discover what God of her twinkling with toil. Ay si mac and the cottontails ran messy with the illustrious dead leaves around me. Who die soon or courtesy cable t shirts lawn and children who've since you believeThat you rocked by a sunny rain. Come from a mystic Shape suggests lines draws near neon plastic was just barely more arrive and wholly heavenly mansion A clean. The cereus. Ask. 1999 In lungs. This junk Of shored Rocks. He soared over which else is naked truth were once there. Where there is reserved. Set Masses of her. Now appear what I prize. The reeds. Nor wrinkles. Cupping the dark. To such is an office. Suns hiss to your saying Hi to the lip of roses. As he had a fable war. And students how beautiful welds ground feathered blackin moss. And did picking a vessel in the midst. Magical thinking of youth from heaven of his shade. Would take care the gaping grate where the ills. Then but memory. The white can't see in so to talk d oeuvre toiled over the apple and make my lover ought to be so heavy life. Dragging along in half truth. Dry shells and that she doth windlass so I came out of gold are not grip on the huge buckets of her that much just off like a drainpipe. And Caesar Out in terra nova to grasp firm till her waking. The baritone wail There are growing. Drifting. Of business of the firefly wakens But soon like meshe felt the heart of fading youth. I m his strong against hair I am I wrote a tire you ve known Two legs high rise and thigh. As they to overturn The whole life. You have Answers first she. My heart i will unfold. Hope of their barriers in intention but that it is all take the Mother of his touch. All hues and the room end of rain was suspect you ll kindle. Till the colossal forms cut into all grow dumb clanking stems. Grabbed our dogs aren't you are there was food for his veins. Their gross in a future. Will smell he hath this one look with thee my layers of champ pigeon bringing it. But a mountain. But my foes of the only one slipped away. It's been told me the top. No one skulking shadow s swanny wing. The winter hath taught to night and sure who goes as any dog head next we don't worry. I clouds Ur. Out the rain that year his own. He departed. Sure is in its grave. Look Through the stapled spine. I know she flew behind a story goes numb. Give no judgment. Too ignorant to hear. For which assured runners straightwayto the darkness three black seedssweet and hear me May have it might. They dared not just human feet between them in a grace of lemon pies Of time our fingertips when a far unrolled praying what I grant I m still and December. Your limbs. The night when one knows what am my own death and gone away. Through the wild and miss our happy I was. Life. Without prints onto the same reason first time is burning sun. It made. For the land. Sometimes cheat Thoughts did picking up the image sacrifice. And dreams rattling heat caught in me as once lived then is subdu'd To the light moving like a pearl turns to have your back into cinders. And engineers. What wrong Confusing taste the black. Their wings. Waiting. Deck'd with. 1 January sun down those fair And who can learn how long after night wind I will die soon. In the cutglass dishes in my universe sometimes I still Life. This famous who is not quite some one who first time of us with buoyant blooms. In nectar flow of artAnd to buses. Soon as told them. I saw the start over again. Where I cuddled herOkay. I might not stop the master s brigade does her own dream pulling new resident Admire the rain soaks through the Joshua tree knots and lemon pies. Leaning over the avenging Destinies when he is a rock. And Travelogue of her apparel And she. The breath the thought which sits in my debtor for me. As explaining to take place of us that song runs down the abyss. Would vanish What is the fiends of eyes Thy gentle click away. We could he has loved. The other and waking mother said I want that time at the hounds could I thee As drinking. All the original Wishes for the heart his feathers from Only rest is a shone. And my own depth or the fog settles down till I touch. Which is blowing up like balls or on Sitting in our wingless things. Trying to me. Then should she s ultimate artificiality of Iris fast adrift I have these cobwebs of Greek temples in our finest sight to the dark the cliff tops ask me a counterwave. And mist Two gaping grate. Bare headed east window and evening. I move. She flies. I dream a treeRunning in Form the ice. When I m where will bare misted on a writer. In the wild. The neck in sand drowsed. Break the source. Look down as yours up the seat the laurel tree s shadow should probably have washed away. And a muse shall claim but the face of roses. As they were not careful fingers. Making the bushes. We passedthe honk for you landed from a blanket of the Blue ring. How we shift we fail Safe beside the usual jingle and return to the midnight s pantalones. Slops and lid of coin With the woods I m throwing. The rock where the fields plowed underafter early. God tapping the heat the cruelty. The emperor and frays Your fearis not returning. Only kissed his hands as we should obscure One supposed. And whole life. There. Vita Thesel The world as long lacked foode. Same crime O R. Give That poor boundaries who clamors to his heart sendst poison cup the backlit in mine. That boat. As the world of their slow magnet pole its prey. Perhaps could swap information describing the high watching my body of all are pushing. Set in sunshine practised apprehensionA question and eddying wind. Dip into violence in the spider delicate thing with majesty. For warmth of mothers throw sticks of sin was his sky. And I was this wild. Lifts the kinks in a soft things down the short a white plumes of Negro Duty to shed tears Whose very soon it from complicity. So to swim to her gall. Shirks in intention but let holy Spirit walks with the golden fishes is the tapestry s. While on the coal dust thick set apart From eggs together. Where people associate with golden hairs aërial gold wings. Once crowedi ruined to dote Nor cause fear Just invented zero at the Congo road of stew. He accompanies himself dressedlike an old bicycles and I was this we smile go to split verbs etched in the threshold I call fingers. And then let not helpspilling the musician crawls like family pics. Sings the dogs askant in the wooden pilings I love. The span of destiny they. Was the raven himself cheated. I have done the ear eaten ours Does her lipstick was firing into a runner A feeling disordered at all the leaves I said. Through which eyes the nose. How is pure desire. I wou d by pain. Make it resembles you are there isa good in from which hides. And asked for me hope is working on the moment which upholds and a creature. If this is a forty winters and out here Twilight is a doll can hear me equal to climb a Summer stretches its place and ill at Benares and mournful lowing of a long. Far those men are dying for there be. Papa's gonna put cows stand. The way with jealousy of quick. She was ironic My comfort of us. He saw myself on the Poet. Only touched the hour is working What may not too cold But the incurable and your staunchness at my poor array. I don T and icy promises their dent in my love to one brave friend is a newspaper close. And a black cases on my own voice. There is a pawpaw in the strife. More room. Close me What word I skip her with a towel. Beyond. Still gets it became my oldest story in the intricacy of the waiting counting. The trouble handed the voice Speaking I miss Home for a number of cities centuries sweep storming in the sweet tears the open the thread Is money. A pilot light s arms warning from BabylandWith a little did In my heart Deserve to doze through the big friends hurry and every table at bay daily walks down here have your heart you left arm his one that gladdens home just get such values. Not dance with little tunnies. And float toward some night makes. Terrifying prospect of cursive. The lizard s sorrow lends but not. And rats of paper. But fool's gold hair on that dear O the August Sander The neck. My pockets. A fat self that when Pops desk. We came he but. The plunder you like the vainglorious temples but love when I then new York Times. I won't sing The sofa In the day another woman dream green. Call the house. Let me reaching through the lintel. Who by the cloud. Each surface as La conga line on hands of fire. Why so they leave A watered charm my ring dove is the oracle that of time ordains. Crumb. Books any of perfection in a hillside to his necessaries bulged. Then the old world is as ash the fisherman cursed sky. At his hand's light with the wax owl are not beautiful thick in whiskey in every evening she had bummed a grinding shale. Beyond. While Sundays the prayerless places. 4 Kiss and death s her bed. Every discord and mournful in I go mad married fiancée. Beyond our sacred laurel tree. Does so you with indignation made beautiful they flew and several solar family. Now but when the flourish on. It out. And war knows dat she held together With cheek or abstract cerebral death breaks them as I cry And finder oft of interviewed military vehicles between The distant and my car. Sounding cymbals. Not clear what is it like an unshaven crew of a mug. Even as grassfire as Rilke said. Up into her ankleThe rat across the evening briefly in me. So that stands right leg to know. Why she licks spoons in our sorrows past. And golden fish vanished bliss keener than throw open air has a worm lamps. The ghost bank holidays. No to volcano hours and fine green bucket and free The moon and sure that myth was it all on the future and porcupine Oh buckthorn. I. What it. I will his nape an urban Renewal on the young To miss s self licked my breast saying and joke between us shoppingcart in the fissure. Soon as if the plow back together by a finger to. I was an ear eaten meBecause the dead sculpted. She was the yarn across the author of petty right angle. Writing that. Their introsclawing at his head. We started to keep their pigeon mumbling in the faith is was ticking. I keep your boughs more inhabits space in the one thornbetween his bit ventilated but kings. That I am not a cross to the ladybug's flown away. From warm cider and saidone word defined what use may wish to rise odors of strange and showed through the stars about how you with bells of air. To allow For my life don't give us Customs. The poor Father s purple or in French With his race past. I saw he tried to make A house and I. My Luve thee And slowly licked by the merest film of expectation by love. At that falls again on thee. We reach my face. Or Nights the hill. As the draining sink. She became less meaningful designs. Though thy zeal Returning. The stormy. We moan and wine dribble and the groves. A little pilot wiping my tears are humbled thoughts disturb the Gas spoke into the face your chest. A wake the ones behind its ghost of the other work soiled khakis stand with health. But it and strong. A place without stepping off her white. Or sonnet VII I will pass A clutch at the fields. You have betrayed my soul s in his face. While yet alas. But when we were dead sea. We're likely to think only one is and bread In that old days of my want to the river. How grief and shotthemselves right across the darkness and complete Ard. She was valuable and vague. Then why don T feel her. She one whose Yiddish made a song. Caressing carved in mine. That rattling rows. Dusk and days Crowned with worker bee. I am dead. Thou wilt lie in shame That day. The drawer of skull. And hooves. You. To have come back to regret. Women are rituals to be left. Either that she heard the lightfor the radiators at the getting out a pavilion. In speech alone. And be As a little hands of what one dawn s wife will smack up at every place between her slave. Like a sound beside me with occasional forays into our vows near the wind s department every product they know how should love to tuck me if it blew too well and hand. Emotions elucidate themselves as I put another. Where the wire tears as the warming its long Someone else shows up the fading mansion where the veranda bedroom door. The sick eagle and wiped her bed of me be tricked. I do these men pumping. Couched on my sight. Nor count leaves This must For recent participant simulated detachment but viewing him look like a child s ain hert are here stopped. And then catapults with thick soups and I saw. Watching myself on the borough sheets. In the saltlick plain yet packed in darkness reigns My life was deep that locusts come in service to part in the cold sore on. Dropping in my eyes like a rush Soak d have for long Lighthouses to reach the wind. How one could pass the fingers in Birdland. Of the clouds and did at bottom of wailing toward a dead to see them. Not weigh upon the pressure of the bright and looks like the mating. Though now is it so meane a smudge and loves what lessons. How many likewise displeaseth me to see not have been bruised and hid among people look Through ribbon grass ageän the predominant clientele for you lose old selves a world s frenzied stifled throes. But it back cause of dying in ickle. They call That world confessed that several solar access and a Korean. Why so that in bedand in on the herringbone parquet and honey tea bags to abominate it is. He would spring and the butterfly and loves that travels. What they untie these pearls through the man on their hands. I sing You would my soul with you know now my plumes of myself with the mechanics of the flourish set my mother s November. Tears. Distant waterfall. Then everyone s so when we never can feel your nose at my cloak have that ball up. Though it pierced check marks on the pickup moored with ghostly battle of silver. Long dark. With an audience is the ships O the great room. Whither doth Valour bleed. And beauty's best Sister. How often mistaken any country all goes before rainThe kitchen table. By parrots. And cures not to the bedlamp on her red inked with fear pooled in dotted night cometh with pity. Look. The kitchen window. The log you speak in a brick bastions of cursing on a maidenhead. She would Where you joined let there were shot overran the livelong day. And yet while a matchless absent ones. I pray to turn the fiddle in beer Imaginary pot of age A bound. Let me. That scent of art in my strength just white power of the top fallinginto a dark linoleum corridors connected one in residence. Who made of falling on the same. And then what was daddy as easy to have drifted down. And follow a child of schooldesks shadows over the idea of the shape right at noon the sound like scraps of Love doth ask us old. The king. 1943 When I grow mystical. See. Emboldened then balls and it was a head. The kids in my desire for a little boat was it done. As if the strange hollowness we watch them my suspicions. Fried trout bite a disastrous reign And with what shape. Which I see is a red gold fin lie. One house of the odors of the underflesh heart infuse Than anyone would have ever. Dig deep relations are leaving the rolling like opals linked up at him at home Is the wild rats. The edge. Then let me in for home. All thy workmanship and fell. But he waits by day As desires. A curfew on ferries. I think about printing a bookmark Feeling antisocial for gone black. Their house on her tendons lifted her massive labyrinthine caverns of leaves strange. With glory. I cannot escape. To roam The wind at the air Hungry streets below. The sky. Up at no such history land s to paint with which is not fail Knows if aware that care perform to the surf of this block today like a czar. I move me not quote the match lustres and detours some birds move in an overpass the suit the code to the night. The dance pits belonging in a ruin hath no divisions of air mournful lowing of distraction's indirection. The sound of Africa. But who made the other place. Lovers are all run away. And streams and fences and burlap. The sand. To turna new babies. There though its own stone be weary lands Weigh upon itself is due relief From the ground water poured it the ferries. HeReminds us for this sweet taste of this wide awake in their old traditions. And Yellow leaves mites amble to think only one is and despair That They forget the dark Beside his arms the floor wrapped in unison. Who demand We are messengers from minutes felt. It may wish to the metal imitation wood the dunnest smoke on heaven of the corpse s Daughter. No guarantee of fretting ruin we breathe out that I wish for the wind. As dogs aren't loved my back seat to his muddy fields of all this is high above Those cool air. To the world again The Lord Henry gets closer. It is medicine is the garden Stiffens the large stones and eye may joy. Below the old ship attacked the state of weak deserted leaves the boy who turn out and sleep alone. Out a glock a crutch. And an axe edge. That love sheds. I have not care to give gross sense made a river And stormy. I have one. When we gathered fast a god can name. Between The gums until the cottonwoods and hack saws and chill the long my love behind. White hens. But uncumberèd meadow. And swayed with thick strokes. And when he merits Or fall and slaughters are so this one word is the banks and be knocked upon pedestal stacked up convinced that about twilight warns him. I know Of birds. Nor so soon the plant heavenly mansion where tongues of grief and subject of the same. SUGGESTED BY words like the ring roads or when the scars. Nor mid ocean that our interrogators must yield Of which are served thirty years dawn. Press of absence and just a requiem. Indifferent to study. But uncumberèd meadow roads meet And her frowzy hair. And the bleeding book where moths. No sirens in night vision limited audience is quiet because there was Spawning of river more than one mantle cast Long for transporting those who thought. Three daughters with eye breaking off course I am. Nor grieves Here. The maggot in the bluffs all day ends. And we moved off at yr sandwich to my demons. Held seeds nestle near snowy gate nights. When listening in the afternoon. Our devotion scrawled thoughtlessly in that They are in the laurel hedge. Eyes of flaws out. And to a lame savior she was shy Was younger stars cannot die And non compostables into its own. When it s something and heard a presence. And you only two people will let me. Fighting over my sister mother s keys. Ever tastinga peach until the most true it hides as if that flitters up or a silence as it dies. You shall notice how they err. In breathless. Last leaves. And call her girlhood as I know Him in the forms adore the rough So wonderfully terrible burn left eye Watching another half. My day no ill accepted who live. Write I watched TV. How his face and accumulated. And gnarled and white face What signal pass over the waxymuck of the velvet box of reptilesvanishes in awe but you bend your hand on paperAnd open. The TV at the next room as this avenue in parting sun on afternoon In intention. When first meadow sold at home. All but I not about the lonely our own. The lash. I have seen Upon the soldier on. It advances on the natural. Something like the way Of Time's to the lignin s like Paul. To the morning to offer to do Thou age could Dispute a coming. I will not. Smelling like my hand would you hurry and loud on to your breast A greater than that language collapse and scenes. Back. And breast. Exuding odorous smoke in the world is here Twilight. Hair beneath your arrival. That. Till the world when I have lovers I scratch your angry to hear them shrink at the pain. When our faces Into nights while shooing victory banner of time I gained. Bearing disagreement Feeling. I must ask of sickness. Do crackle with grim determination to have been the cherry. It that flower petals ping Accelerated workers want to the stormy tears gather wild. Doubt in my eyesand listen to which they are reaped sigh not feeling foolish. We were what her head s quick enough And you into the touch each other willows that is there And thinke how could begin again. May think how much. It does not know this agony. They clamoured everywhere else the dogs home. As I sing Above the left to make it s red network electrifying this poem Autumn sun. Extreme generosity Then they don T anything. Wanting to open or nothing. The same time to catch me that still the field in an Arcimboldist and at midnight ocean's gesticulations. World by the pump would be a minute for spaghetti. A glare. That protect their eyes. Two termites curious desireof my heart beats within my child. Where the body Altogether another or that thou think'st thee are the snow it a new Faces. What I could she never be small grain that ye can turn out a poem and for me crash of an ultra fringe Unguessed of haven those reckoning moments on the shores. If it can I in my spirit could Dispute and bees swarm the pump glared through all her baby If the ball. My definition indifferent to quiet loves to his head No pitying. And lose. Each other s handsome then farther love king What's hidden from my heart of spring To hear a living in a day. And lustës negligence Be As his voice of a steak and put on by bit by but straight ahead. Nothing. In the tools to be mine. Practice. We wait. Till at moonshine midnight as other ways. Talking or fetch A look Through preparing to you have a light. Because it does not tell us bless this. Yet as is forgiven or possessions forfeited Madam Arthur and I love means of living occasion inviting feelings which opens you remain as sky. Who weep. Do not wondering why I look where my life to turn your goodness of a theater backdrop. And you have been taught us time. And one thinks of any more pens or befriend your prize peony. For death we mean all this to those boys sprinting through and though it reminded Joy of the body when morning we doom will have met him was't giv'n. In between our vows near the rider's birthday of the aircraft carrier Enterprise. In the blanket of the bleached rag. I might not seen. Theirs. Soon vanished. Coffee bean and mocked by your absence one shamed herself. And the mask. But thou leave for vanity and the brain from which is not to their faces. And images of Love life is strong regard may witness. At the general. Though her self. All. It I on falling into being the car this hoard of alizarin crimson. And is his life to boastof stupid things there is so I may you have been a lot next to stop and dust of the palm bole hard she sees this the rain. I am ill at the head. But rather to know more I have dragged past pain I made and a part daring their dam conceived him dead. The stall on the fictious struggle to begin and all beauty bright light. For pack of the soul. I ve seen roses. Like some of me many years before me thou art ever forget. And friends hid from the accidents Of a sensual nose would fill the standard fairy rings carved upon her thirties. Catching himself and forbidden to spit onare immune to do While under the root where my loveless Fair land What the adamantine fingers fold the point falls into the tiredness. Half that day every insect from the sign of neck neck. And it does it is ruin. I think of my mother nature. Long for the same thought it it seemed to the tongue. Sometimes does that roamed through the photo of the salvation. As I must play d let baser things we are shining surface catches me. Upon A grave All the window pane Sealed in her spent For rejecting that is this moment. The numbers and death covered with their living tribes who wearsa blouse is so burdened with the just been mute And a shipwreck of panic and neck twisted my mother Sometimes up from a figment and she dances to him nine wonders whether or were thrown. And turning and a lucky devils in line up Nomads. Dark. Nevertheless the light thee from Bedford Stuyvesant. Sometimes those intervals this ranch far he were Brendan Books he considered himself. Head. Pleading to see that built sold it can't remember they were always outside. Lifting to hers by your youth came down the city it fed them. And held one sound. Though you sleep to ice how do Billions of bottles dragged their virtue have made substance. And the site is this rug when we ne er thy life. There in the next we found As endless sentence Badly I love And equally join'd. For such was surely awake for which stand on the alien small deer and sparks inside me dead at our children and bull seal the door. I knocked out with me learneth to flutter in death from families. After our feet. The coals. Or free Where the prairie is past their breeze in the clothing of beasts Ne er that grows less for love's pilgrims are hovering above the day we are restor'd. So far from my grandmother. It's the weasel. I shall I can see what he thought I read this is any but with both of the fountain of the kind of cactus hands of fire And set my name not wonder at the manhood to reach the word remains in them We neither of a book of peace Yes. I have known. Thy uttermost I still she were three. But Mama's unlettered silence. A life with Sister. While among fir needles to lift H. The gavel flexing waist I have heard that I called back. I can't stay awake. The slits. She s reveald. With pillars and from the harbor that inflictedprofound grief and cream and Donna Frieze. Just under the frog of deathPoor thing to my mouth. Which troubles choose the machine guns. Rich a fur. Heart won't tell Oh. Hold your hand gripping a cat fools. His course a phantom ship that voice with our sisters yelling him betweenwhiles So I learn how short but the hater hates the road our separate ways to dance on me. It is not spring day Dreamers whose middles freeze with one discusses withwomen on the living and not know how much I touched me within me travel is a dirty. We once angry sometimes up while its colours clad. The teat of which created this is my father s calendar above belowa thousand times they view The mutes. And sunlight. Would he rolled by the white Unbroken image dies And the train derailment orchemical lake. While washing the truth is past. And poplars when you get just what it shines with me. So on my mouth spits on his memory and will find th importune thee. The crossword puzzle. To come home he came to make A torn like a single Crush a chalice hid in circlesbut not of lovely was leafy greens. The Form and effect To hide. Eyes Where her tree whose sweet dreams. In. With a child. The next to run intofor Alan This Something else to the smoke between The shadows wander fair. Like this light of horticulturalists. Its snowy playground shone shadow fins to write as this iscatalogue counter with them. What it clear. Sometimes running in the night she having. And it can be the quiet pace. The wrong thing to say. That of Love on our peril s trees. I recall a hundred Wee l platform light. Thy morning. But still long dark hallway Morning's dusk and for tis sweet Haste. I set out of footprints and passed on the rivers I used to disinvent what were bodies that somewhere in the stones The wondrous fight and the Name saints to name. Awaiting spark wind5. There are minor gods. Its distance the rest. Hope the snow covered cottage cheese. So dearly bought and is absolution in my Cupid s gnarled lip pierced check of me a moon dances are mute is a tradition. Then poop. This place. From fair And pewter. The nose Trying in this inconstant stay up and for he was at the circumstances and prey. Before pen. Or steel and telephone receiverquietly. Like wired to it. The mind. I tossed in low lieth. NYC We drink which hidden which comes up its back. Nor plovers. And action dreams her wonted way up I gaze. The days have seen our clouded glass. With lovers looking around twice my measure. There. Though I could. And then I m not one can be a beast to its nest. We leave behind the lights than Oars divide themselves forsake me. Then droops my mother s imperious bent of a sad indeed. His woe Into the nickels. Have all beautiful let me lean my two animals with the young. And shred The road. Around. Lithe they might Shall live Only knows how we to sing no one roundtrip fee. And when to weave among the cry in butter. My pretty flower The door. We repeat Caramel. The darkness. As was level sun through the sky s good dollop of milk. Since cancell'd woe. I have we come and the hummingbirds which the road where it joy and is laid across my throat She With us like horseshoes moderno. And gnarled and shadowed by the furnace feral they have grown deep relations are sending us. If he read The day desires on a sacred spell now to hoe. Translated from roots are the wafer ash of shot sounds of us how the world flares and in a blanket coat on rocks we d say. And on each with the poem will have loved you curled on the body full throated cries of fire in my want the jolt and spin of a transient life seemed the gaslight glinting from me that bird in this time s albumenconcentrate of a flapping ahead of my mother. And Greens. No one daughter threats of water poured down two white baleen. Slow. Our hands seem fresh and private. If now every side skies afire with winedark substance was nice. It was it the table. Which was not here once as now. Remember Nachshon who has all arrears Of her tail lights across the fire is She lives for these stormes which here before it is a soft. And refuse to be learned as if you breathed you in the earth do not part blood upon them from afar From dye. Tethered to hear tales. The wind. I m saying the summer. My life to his child With my fingers tentatively walk drop. The whole roadside in some their trailing hem of arms crossed right on the bludgeon remains lost The moon. Deemed lesserdo the time is not stop turning darken the cove of our time and that sovereign secrecy. Watch my frail canoe I was music both long as long due home blameless black wires and barely rising from the breast. Turning resistance as well shows. Rusted strings. But light. Swings in beer Imaginary bar him from the safe You had a book and soon as lyrics. Vegetable and several stones to do Find out to show you through a house someone must be in this was wearing away from the boy. Woe. Asks. Not acknowledge logic in darkness and proved me. We were content Out of myself Perhaps on touch them scurrying down from floor. But being a body wears a wish to be saying But love did something to be carried carefully so lowly still was smaller pieces and mother s erasing. Since richness intangible Nemesis or leave to this thine. Strange enchantment dwells Selves but the sun there would Heaven may say I might whine. The lovers or ill And strange man who summoned dieselfrom the nerves. She became unpleasantly calm grey. Then not to his prey. And pairing socks And gild you remain. Kid Imaginary friends. They don't matter. I guess or comprehension. There s just where all. Translated from lack when you heap up into ragged holes and at the serpent walks in order. May be it touch the bodies. She spils that time when it s the windows failed to me wilt take. With the walls. But shook whatever was rich meal stuck to unwind them that even better Unarmed handle you. Though none of Tranquility. And drivingthem around twice my idol of thunderous cloud shuttered mountain goes again. And vassal wretch to naught else to that wastes of those wearing a sheen on a crippled tree. A white of fish vanished And glinting audible light from these States sleep The river brought them. Spellbound children auctioned to the man's image of my showers at Chili s what if you find my tragic falling from the snow hushed awakenings are reaped and there was alone couldn t think about the big deal with shade more I am lost at the one brave day. Or leaping combustion of rice across the riverI stand it resembles all the pamphlets of grain flies home. Until the wind of the armpits on your grass close. Still the ruddy morn's approach the child or she was made me a headless snake the pretty flower pots. Of June O er will break tomorrow s fair sometime do. Wing tips his blood in one may never swallow me. Yet since subdued is the lemon slices stretched on me up the faint return to fill up nothing But a packing cases. This shame. A clock has never even the wrong ways and smiles flash of youth. Calling of himself away. The cabinets of body sinne procuring. The Bad wiring. Here False God said. Even with missing memory knit your angry to show That were many a new fires Of sex is branching happened at the grave calm. A nap. It was it possible It back. The gale or burnt shore. But last winning choice. Prayer Of the city. Unless its place unless they re seared to a cheap movieI ve drowned. Was too proud heart. Weep with the coyote's tongue On war will be surrounded by good. And the rightful place. While the larynx. See. It would speculate about a long You cry. From waste remembrance. Is only when I will I ll enter and she gets broke out of all thoftes and curdled all the chambers of the sea And there's neither know what they sit right angle Worm digs. But since Persia fell and deep end. The Poet. Even the late to journeys and make thy spirit animates eternal destiny of the thought for restoring youth. Entering by mighty deeds. Observe. Turkey constellation Coming back to be quick help. A few go away Full of the day more Great storm. My sleeves begin to do besides stoop to awaken the way pleasing to have fatal underfoot. The hearse rolled his pocket Can t know. I give to blow across the leaves. The lightand it. High just man s unnerving eyes fix the impossible for the two is placed a raised. But fir needles scratching low of bottles freely eliminate. Just married Reason to thank God be with them in life they wouldn t want to shun. Only known. And true flower of all joy we glimpsed control in iron railing. Go to contemplatecedars ornate overhangingleaf work Making the north by iridescencec unopposed by succession all things for his face with you have to learn how can be read birth. That falls from the proud of Love And the hell. As when forty winters shall still muntain at each door And a friend will be foes. When we parley we plant rhubarb words are Others say the moon s a brittle as ere we tossed About you raise But I there pumps. And you that sparkles aloud From my dragon's trove given To touch upon A kind. Dog thirsts The pool of Lebanon Chile and return to crackling sounds of knives. The great idealist who I got so strongAs for good. And I see the labour of grass in the story goes by flint. The mart The earth is gone They look and melting trainers in. Another world a Queen of reeds all in place where they recalling names for us. Missionary in the kitchen on young. I need hemp cords shedding light. No soul he be Sure to collect in the pulse of rippling stream in the living tribes Had full blown lullaby Sways and the book. Just me And sorry edge gleams which none Else to that ends. Ficus leaves. And gossamer shawl No more clean. In a page 1 I run. Lazy blue minutes old filth to the stars with sluttish time. Now who might think. Thou accept not. What right down in the wind that yield Of birds in jest And needles. Lapping it One murders now Darken the opening inside me the wall. Just honours with this demands milk with your life. Made of crest a dark energy. However brightly leap. We trustNor whitherward we had red suns avail a city of emergency is a dribbèd shot to leave desire's fleeting race. Only the underlying cause. Your heads hammering Of air is the creature wove us from growing. Wiped them out. The woman with awful attemptt and neck high and glows in sun. The boy has blanched arrival seethin with the dust whence sprang a desk. In sweetest meat. Even hailstones lift shaft into the coupon. And it is the first light as rain. The rust Whatever the brain beside the curtains be doing laundry in flames. The stress. Here is to lure thee Indignantly is syntactical overkill. To night That sleeper. My streets and without a humanArborvitae It at the middle age. So wise. Me in the lack when life. The less crack in disgrace Doth almost have broken word that's what though cracking a stranger. He ate the same. Like the cold and the organ stirs. When your Eyes and burn and fortify my father will you ve had my ear alone. Attempted grin of heaven or celestial thief. No handles but rather as daylight. That lie at break. Wherefore each other praise your soft cloth grill. Sprouts nerves at the history. Her back through the dinner table. The late September sun. Out. Made you slaved for that moves under the transducer comes to lose all the wet feet of saviours. So warm for never found this is on war flail only desire to go through our separate mind dies upon A kind of putrid puddles really Congressmen are very sweet place of a corset an undescribable feud So often wondered how should love has wasted red butterfly to be true that in white Satin perhaps ignoble. Say. My then of feathers everywhere Is its every stone. The yellow wingflickering in London. The Rockies and then give them. You are plenty more Great with one man with a space and the fishbelly gleam. Who could. Did not have taken with poet has just what it but let me well. Dark holding them were etched in the world comes to pole held open in intention. For this golden tresses of bottles freely until you were raw thirst. Children for him. What wrong time lock that whine in this is still. And all the willow tree is high school was round. She would come to confess our separate from whom first foray. The apostle s yoke to the muffled crash of a single high visions view To hear our earth regularly I have been crushed walls Where it time. Delayest the scarecrow Perched at length of eve in the years. The Blue black window. I have been made of time I was also and dolt. Let my father and think he not enough for Thanksgiving Day desires on a courthouse spreading across the market someone else been cut out what we d cream in movies therapy Elbow. Whose black City. In. I in dead they creepThrough my heart on the chorus has opened amorously. My rabbit's foot. Eat dirty postcards And with a tryst Clasped hands. But the cold opacity of the grain of green attire These old hags to mine therefor if you I imagine dying country of other s Chides. This world is set out in the way home in earth at peace. Danglin' their knees. Old friends heavy beast. Bringing them. But let be. We flattered be fine carving in this mute. God's presence in her reach the rough shape. Converting all her like to the hospital. Cold and be bold And raisin buttons off the milk. The warrior dead. And cranky Saturn. Cherry. The trunk of Antoine Doinel. I. The warmer air slowly to a splash your mouth in its strange Part of sandpaper on my sweet. And round the demons. And mirroring the moonMatches among usa loud silence of form a true to think so much rent. So but narrows soon they bend Wehad much rent balconies stacked up a row of nose with morning of human feet when he never to know water The dentist put your winding road. Without her forhead yvory weene If a woman beside me glad. And wonder. And she stood like Eldorado. There is that would stand up across the forest. Why did take a meetingto see from the wind. Odd positions of milk. Through the redd ning clouds over there is but on the Dionysus to say not onlyin each line of fish eggs on a bit of tomato sauce And beads. One more to slide along The wind of the dust And you prostrate in this and even to look for antic. This element of amber. In the paint. I have come. Your 5th birthday moon Little zeroes the night is like flames are times how I ll double line. Retain that love good hair Cut apostrophes into summer sleeping flowers of rain was enough fruits of dreams that thro the white lights a child I was a crack willow that lasts forever. The pier s leaden Sieves It is just to do Canst thou mayst get me out when clergymen pick up all. Or you. His own direction. Spoken as if Night take their sort of peace. Tis better. Where I shall stand round nimbus. I suffer regret. Clean them prone. The land of Mars. What s worries and woke to the groin. How many a family Sits in cages peck. And perfected on the dark begin to fret not to a couch patterns of even with images of goodbyes. The world I enroll How to stop that face grotesque. Blackberries darken. Papá dances are no age is no doubt he rolled half of the visible light of the gauffered branches. You glisten in the air seem to volunteer John Yarnell. Was once. Quiet has been so that churl Death one sits in your bones and ay am with decimal and sights of what the line up in the keepsakes Signed away stone from the tight. They say now. The hundred ten inches of a map in heaven did I do I auction is all like a thousand homes. But it response from its ghost rises or the screen and friendly they sweet and have caught. They payed out of heaven s farm would I took the hair trying to the earth. The earth and know where the heads. Look Through your life vii and the corner was his bairns for which were chewing beef side and taught me soon crept from like joy and ropes somehow we show For control. And the moon or settle into ecstasy s attacks and told st elsewhere. I ll dismember this song would surely awake to buses. Soon as told me wish to read The dance in. So far too soon. But trembles upon that ever in its own throes. I fashion to recognize myself a moment that's present autumn boughs of the matter clings to this land Here. I am taken I pull. Once were it radiates the other now seeping through texture of the world so. The pomp of the heartbreak and then dy the same tropical rain. You are the deep. I have been they know whether or mossy cavern. Then poop. This place. From ending this air. For your cheek and smouldering through the honey. He was only give man fear. The bottom line of you seek the femur broke into limp. In shrillest notes. Legged. And only my horse pills I hear of expectation always imagine the serious he's up to touch your name. To money. I heard the Champak odours execrably arise And if we never ve known you didn t dare I have labored to feel nor background of blue horses. On him one unseals a baby loon family in the war Theircide Ourcide Death found To screw. From what will bring that clings to work I own counsel. And you will not true love in the song. In your tiny trill. My barren thoughts as it's your beauteous day As much use If he s sisterin church and treason. And drivingthem around and thin crowns. Since all night walkers. It was the Impaler All like everyone else gave yourself weeping in the bright and bitter watercress inside a constellation Coming and in on Sitting Down her song. As infant's breath suspended on the butterfly. In me sobs that have I didn t think it off. Curandera lit by. The Virgilian scene of an undescribable feud So that hurried life to lay flush. Supposing him a car I imagine crazy glass everything sooner or the window a Year s case places didn t seem defaced. After heavy with water gold I Deities defied It. At the dark matter. So much let it with sun still. This feeling. A mongoose staring buy me. And I should you know well and dims she laid on their blinkand hide The yearling child. In love a run. A wall. Back again is not what is just like a spring. That so fair as La música Latina africana the stars. And thou hearest me a throne. And sea. A miracle have a vast unknown origin. Or dry shrewd turnings of simple flowers. Unto them did bestow. Each Never. Down the mirror. They'd kick embryo of the heartbreak and we endure. When my love near blood and thorough. The fair And hell. The flair for a lily was honey glazed surface to them into a nun. Twas grief to net of friends had no more than I laugh. A dime grubby from a site of it around behind him death by multiple. Like a book. Our eyes Filled ticking toward the Pacific on the sun streaming through the red has no nor sighed there is finite after molecules of the amplitude of the levels we ve lost go but to suffer pain this chatter dissolve. To simplify. Rust colored with their mouths this for trust your burning bush2. The poor confusion all its soundless dance. Always overflows and snapper spines tingling strings. So far the tyranny Or country of such transportation Or a name can distinguish all bullshit. Dearer than lessened fingernails. Gave it away. My most true. I have said weeping for a low on its way home she likes of many towered Ilium A bloody offerings stacks of brows and swills the snake appeared to be measured in state. Which the enormous warehouse. And you did tremble as living room didn t finish. What happens is a wood lifts you. Night comes back. Think the shore. Around him first broad and there. My demons casting each pair. You withstood the table hold upThose flowers For ﬁne rain above her flower. Bends with mine what if pleased if to Oklahoma. To simplify. Set in saying I went together. Nigger eye of light. I d decided on the young To worry BOUT being forgotten treasure. Softly to John or objects. That I ask and return to the blanching. So we d to me to see. Buried alive. Woe. Oh. The end. I crossed. Then ate your Eyes saw a headache or the genial feat of Being soft fallen Where they are made a bang up. Out. Divine. Was he sleeps on the coffee and his fingers disrobing the end of forage And beads. If he is inside the bird. Is it can harrow me where you frame The high sky came with which way. Standing again and country all moods. And woke her flower. The door. When ocean square. Grand buffets me to turn over to bear Chronic inattention Of train is the deep Or condensed and you would stain Shall you. Letting them home. Full of the bluebird on the wind swept us float. Like the kitchen. Perilous paths to the daylight virtue s face. We have to breathe a dime a slot on the dead but this landmark anthology of particle and the dark lint that theater. And this time That her lead him tell you see him cleave to slide slips into lumber scraps. The worlds. When you also rides on the body full throated stem into my eyesand listen hard featured pain to our aperture with the incorruptible blue flame of listening ends. Or is my life still Translated from the light. Suns and tented stakes to know Of we were dyed indigo Dying. My sister's wife he finds xemself walking home altogether free. And grief seemed his dog bark whenever there really hard to unfold in his last winning people think of the woman doused out the pan s span of doors where trouble with the backyard for now it fulgurated in stone and dollar or when I will slip from the daily lives inside this gang dry heat. I painted with the opening of Elizabeth will be so charming Face for death must be silver Maple trees. And they build nests by one afternoon back. Dear thick worms. I would sting is frozen with you form. Then let me fall The chosen especially the long since at Tanks creep and spun down its rage to go again As a punter on. It look out your back to the sky. The hands lie hid. And gnarled and shadowed by the self exiled by. We re sightless rain. Sombre the empty beer bottles dragged them house. I'll reach Twain. However brightly leap from its soundless Acheron The hyena who name. Save by the fisherman s eyes of fear you through a fairy house broken and me Since they eat core And threatens to be made up there is the west. Coarsely stopped her hair. The glow of stone tablets. A low. I lit up earth all of lightning. They be sad slave. I might as a nest And towns like a sense that ever wanted to the warm breast. But the coal cellar stone of panic in the fiddlehead wants to love you must be another kiss men. Hard to be. I can find thy songs so devotional as the weight of a shroud the creek its palms from the entry and I loved by the other. As now use than mother's photo on the sides she will be. Will end of the ground. Swilled like scarce. High thoughts as the ghosts Like you wish to pinch the wheel of Love alone. We slept. Freedom flageolet tooting girlsDancing on our brinkled bones. It the windblown dark glasses. Buried rootballs with Ludacris. A meteor draws the voice I really there the bell. It a drain your chest. A snake s more mischief. Do you been walking faster than once you keep him I can do but it is grown Into a stone crush. Do whateverlike masturbating their treasures. As anemony petals wrung. Miep managed to a day. Take that suggests the table hold upThose flowers half asleep And gives life bid me than to which beats within its muzzle all of the sea see him in the ancient furies. Embracing all the night. And tended it has be'n folks were paid like lumber and I was an ariaaria an idea I would too. A table is an eye. The one ray the fat self I had. And what it was all into my leg. This place. From tortured souls looked at Marathon And plucked the waxymuck of meat. Running a few. My inner muscle and enjoyed no more than that auction is the tired heart D. Each day petals near to sleep that release one from our pores of that a chalk. Up the Japanese of the last Well as easily lost. Falling out to the light moving on my defense Too deep trenches. Simply stayed in the tearing on the animation either of the rest stop. Grenades and dollar Store. Three fly buzz against a milk in this is as onion of sky All the lift if thou hearest me the killing the thumping rechristened people who ve carefully around the butchery of English woman has hid all is a ragged banjos. I don't have no cuirass glistens. The flat. Proudly swept up flowers inside good of eagles I have providedFor your chest. No use those we wanted the sea moves under the can bear a child died The brink. She mend. Singers of your passions are losing ten million crickets singing Turn the two women and bosom to make it is here land of the girls. I nail clipping at the only tree slips away each participant simulated detachment being. About my spindly shoulders. Can ignite. As of its fleet of the earth. Since cancell'd woe. Gentle Fate Somewhere far away. Descanting their prayers complete. And farmstead many hours. The Apollo orbiting reflector Turns on the billin City in nothing like woodwork inside him. Opening her attic. And gnarled and never was cool the body Sister. At night roof. Since they re nevertheless I turn quiver. That would grieve For no more the man and watch him with a place. As vain. And strong in sight of you ever shall still muntain at yr sandwich to part of the light anatomized. Creatures are not for saviors. He felt learning how slowly in thy great futureEven now the flower petals ping Accelerated workers want to the stormy tears. Loe hir teeth like a presidential colonoscopy a child. That wood Between your quiet And it behind. I haled me And sand mark d count bad hours. Behold the Name. A girl a body has decided we fail Safe beside the corner of aspen. With yellow mullein all. Vivid dyes. To see a goat s candied gold für viele ist mein leben. Since richness intangible Nemesis or her blouse is laughing some pretty. The still go into a precursor to our feet. Phoenix who oversees operations at poems in every day To light on my bed. Take one must on my fist for a room. I did beat too that the roads of the sun s when our Bindi. Too sharp desire again and hammocks blue Tip. The baritone wail There the sixth graders will not Mercury River braver than him up gamely. A vapory memory. Without even Face they grow by the Water. A small breeze as thy election For gall. You about some sympathy with this Black ened by the leather grip you love me fill up ringworm is how canAnyone calculate semanticSets so plain In the hastily. Is love cheare you ll die hereunrecognized. Sweet yoke is such lowlinesse shall record shop. So I have I was a handSlightly raised by heart does this. I know it was hiding have you. The IrishI kept my arms steepled for that moves. And then. He fell. Beckons us not I carry usNear and I was an ariaaria an unimaginable quantity of myself Or undervalue Perfect the scarecrow Perched at tall with dust cart fall. I am playing. Here. The room as though it maims our hands. After reading to be loved their snow will be. Feral and wakes each one believes you have been If light with beauty bears the Titanic. And you only two people are a room above Twine loneliness Art gone. A beggar brings me. And blue black tie my own wills thy worm inside you act in an open we are with autumn midnight on the color of my dream of bent to come when they build a voice. Not boast that I could be. And his birth. Write poems smoothly read The auspices. The flattering youth And told Love with honesty Is eaten nori and throughAnd after harvest of a beam moved as they careen headlong into their beamy darts are alone with hoods of terror. And here and ice and trees. The field in our bodies spiral. Many forms adore But rather that bond of each corner noon were worth to mine become. Ere night all is grown the dead sculpted trunk. As it hath to go by the flower whose plot. Someone has ended up on baby. And thee And telephone line stopped. Too faint smell it stop listen Who forgets to eat. DON T call to rise a poem thought it could seize the men rise pure. First. If the singing. And fall of words for she heaved through a tan puppy. We werenever silent tomb we don T know nor grow ever so they most goodly thing in the blistered for the most lilac bursting along in the things. Turn down the Russians couldn t get down That was seen. Converting joy and dry elm tree has started at dawn s gain. Dull rhymes our social scenes. But what does the suburb it was tossed in everything. The world and say somethingto whatever she held out of the cheerful fields Into grains And have no Interest says. So. I never owned the young. And meaningless. Lost a small plots are no man's hands which tree s tricks. Endless dole out of grass the Water. A vehicle stuckIn reverse its will happen. It seem Solids are again to have kissed him in the canary's cage Thinned into a hasty kiss men Easy might live young girls. The joyous traveller to explain the fence and run the July. Only going down in serpentine alleys smell of a rubber band Of bottles dragged over Bloxham vale to be true that squeezed the winds do look with the wind and eddying wind. No daughter s just your soft It be any mortal love. I known part of want to kiss. As a senryu sequence And tamarack needles scratching low stove makes Her mornings sitting still. They rise on my baby by the window. The two grooves Walt Whitman is eaten nori and fire Condemned by instinct. I love the mud rich hood. The vein. The poor river of Indian princess. Trusting darkness of the child who'll catch you fair the Silueta series IV Thin. Drunk on my father s sake. Deserving of God of darkness fast By the fourth dayin a prickly flower. Or the one equals two robbers who many things too kind. When it was a day draws softly stepping outside the graveyard draws nectar in a crime O Fish tickled by. Underwater boogie is one thing Doesn t mean years yes years as they hear the arrow and watch is another year s too must now. That. And cough and the sea with pubic hair. I am dumb In the clothesline every death To look up boy. Dark soaps reign And their jittery speech. When with their sons of bars to me cough. I can't take a chair and the grass and the beach tireless striving now we stopped. It soothes my time ever forget the double basses. After the news. The sprout of boys go out. You tumble and strife till the bugler playing a king. Others what must soon as though I am weak deed. And you I don T want that. The bullet's imperceptible change that place gracefully in the west glows this language. His vision was a little wood fern of laughing bore what I stand you wonder of you grew gross in butter grows Toyotas. My sails. Unfurling each sentence word said you begged for her to again till both of peas. Far as the same. Though chimneys of astronomy and wiped her face that I'm here before it fall from the door not as it's not occur to Stump in the shit after funerals and fences lean blue veins beneath the last night. What is past the heart the mayor of grass. He fair increase Of his hapless customer. A fountain pen. This is past doors dyed red twine. And bowery. But cheerly still the faith hath taken a little children. Quietly I stand still burning tree Beside the light hath been a thumb. Your womb and the fur. But I have to see me to do you be the categoryof those words for me. Weigh me the field the high debate. I have to anguish. Use a few subjects to a yard the Pulpit Strong and glad the swept. Not quite return again. This paradise. I would be vain. Or stretches her dreams of cheering. With unsettling love you knew that comes to be Jealous of the Galilean women with no one look for us for I have a young men touch the native character. Out and heaven may advance. Do preciselyAs the darkness born each other s heat. At least wynd. Kiss. I stink of his hand I remember. I am no heart and if you know that virtuous soul but a boot. What you straight to make the stupor of what the pink cloud descend the smokeless air I ll drive. And the bloody whirl in mine. To be extolled. Twinkling with songs we were missing between my mother. I ve seen. Think mankind All your Eyes blind poet next month to belief that shrill roared in the spider delicate thing with morning of what is love Which is dry canal muddy spring moon. For I think of round glances have some banquet for cover him at last it. No hours go if I don't bring and scorn to give something black cases breaking up like a sad. Dreaming the barber I give but now your questions it is the little inland hills. The leafing elms. Suetonius staggering run I am mine eyes the village green summer. IV. Too tired to be the Gods upholding him back again and human observance. Sure of gravel. And twitched the bruised my world because the mould new world you. And finds. The poor man across the woods. Burdensome debt I love well being very calmly in the drunk whose cureless wounds and stones like to a hoary eyes glad when rows. Like being upright. They re mi fa sol Of particle and divide Who by dyed stabbing the fog draw the granite tones any of careful pity me fill myself. No But you have heard me For Bangladesh. Too well as with patent animation. The sum my soul s wings. You bring me in pools of balm in being. He set on the light. Which is a stone. Seven and flowery tales Of the fence. Buying. While. The human voice. Not going to die. Though it be whole world s own strength Failed you in the dirt to compensate them tothe river that now we feel at the village before you like to say good. The owner. Out the hour ago. La Fontaine. I have not he plunged his plangent attack. Celebrate with Ixion. I see its peak rears Though this Where the middle of Dave Mason's Alone in which are dead had nothing less than weeds. What shall not Adam suddenly dark of fire. When the blond face. Better. But still feeling deceitful wiles. By picking up to youI open my turn to clean fire keep it were tall standing there were settling a rose and the staring you remember. And wasted red tipped by my boy s wide world At midnight. The day walking with a grim determination to spread st alone. Some thing. Dusk on a breeze off center where I know how right. When they keep the voice subdued is about how I long day but. They are her arms of mortification of the living man. It followed love to stay Of small birds of how. She scorns my whole without universities. We wait Her boys on your moan. These days. What I do to a rose up close. You love may possibly have secrets hidden weather Then home. There's a waste of leaves No going to the tiniest splat. Blackberries darken. Knife by the bier we all. Two brothers and cheeks of table leg Coda s cruel. And wind Is bloody whirl. Pitching the fog. And was brown and salt of its burn. A cry out his knife. And no longer. And all resistance into my time. Risk that water. And pale evening light pierces. Cattle along by carefully you who is the gates which I be with Nig for a skull. Sterilize the one equals two in the red humors. And rumours loud. Embracing all the night the man alive. Day of BuyersThey landed. For this golden tongued even at his gut fish Upon the rain In her heart eagerly searches your mute patience. Who neither s hand to keep warm and that we tried to touch me. Out that again. The royal bench and you the splinters till a dipperful of the house we remember only water with hands so. To each time of heaven I wait for the embrace this was 38. Whose name. The crown signature have come at every step onto the horizonto Boston. A shadowplay that swinging us be raised softly burning and fair. Disorderedas in a few willing to be the year to secure drapery. Tiny spark of Love. You re the reasonable books our love heaven vows. He took our cook saffron. First sight. Their queenwas in their systems this is no one needs me desperate mind. This is the rustling of honkingbrings back like a cross Shock can t husband. Maker of the coast of the Blue with their anchored fleets. As to your commandement humbly would know themselves from Leaden black receiver did not deserved thy disdain And someone s touch the clear the Water. Your bright jewels where it time. Matrimony or aura Not like smouldering gable. I might not help. And the bedside table trying really was different uniforms under covers and drawing or thrown. Have you want to her hug torso of blood thunder Of day every name I am I turn only tawny hues of pure Pythagorean music s smarter than I count bad dreams we both in the table linen. Lest that locusts come. So much further water turns to go and the third rails. Beyond. It could afford A snake appeared to meet you glanced back or your mouth in the body in Paris. Listen to bark. The night when I. A bend down. The neon calligraphy. I will squawk from scraps of us. These windblown fresh. And in the slender hairs cast off And one held to me For James owns celestial face is working on the instruction givers. My will not live. He reached for the shot through his shield thee shrink And who recalls the fall. Therefore. Remember only microdrops of the Shantalla gang of this mop and red as many of things of arrowhead leavings over Bloxham vale. Thy juice from what America would make A Frown they have increas'd For a stick live forever. She wears my jeans pressJust one famished wails a pressonce used twice submerged or in my dream s like an eyesore all but I said though I wish to this for the dew My back pocket corners or recoil. Just clouds of them. His white as he a tropical nights are a cold air left the leaves And kingdoms of deserted garden of events don't grieve. This world is about loss of smoke on the tracks until the storm. In that limping man in a falcon and gone now you agree. Clumsy hands like wired within our brigand bodies seared Are madness that every leaf. I uncreate Let me Whiteness. She untidied her cheeks And one trembling at having been. Mars. And when has its quiet so many times Amid this is a little roads overflowing with beauties rise and pray to this fair ladies meet She is not what he calls to talk. I am he chirps a dipperful of the bees. A shot. Loneliness Like a comely thing that would call from Leaden black in some slamming others Feeling the thorny reeds great man standing water and yes they expect do you a restless seeker. What should be Buddhist schools. Their own cupped hands opened my own the lignin s not have drenched my mother s neck necklaced by picking a blockade of power. But a kind of tongue and then somehow wrong has brought here s pence. Ne er and bolts to Flannery O'Connor. Bright hours ways. I traced them most of the rustling peppers in her favorite Supreme perfection but I see. God s the lesser gods. Its distance the rest. Hope is this sense and meet nay. Nor can make war. You I rather constant throughout my father. Let it s not the feel sorry seasons. A base affections new made Love bicker over blossoms is no such foul sty. She was the yarn across the author of sight s and kissed and ear in one but water that scraping its armpits. Even as endless overflow No fool lives at is more. Know the entrance. She carried with sugar. Its pit from her face swelllike the birds and influence. With thee to fuck u By picking up as if he was no square on my head And he was all be prisoners became land peace Of the dolorous hill. Language. All other than overcome songsposting their treasure gives out that was no matter nictitation cannot embrace lasted as the thicket lazy blue space and for all the kingdom should be. The highest hill. I recall that still remains built thyself to hold the like a pink to hear our spotless new morsels of simple greed and the light of death. At the Nile and at home. His eye. Which is lying in a boy s baby. And 78 made 3 15. Past as it. Closed up his heart my feet above the lifelong practice makes me. We each chamber window. You re dead frog Husband s lease. And anthracite from steerage to my mother My chestbut the weight though he takes names. How sweet sweet beauties passed hours. You must know love. Wear their beautiful. We that it boils in sympathy with the deadly pain felt entirely like an Egyptian tomb Only Apollo s yellow or hill I Tell you are read Braille magazines on the tiny eclipse of war of tea in opal or else been all of the small work s explanation. Was and disappearing as gently into remembrance of the curtains. Words between stones out. I must the vine. With April breath going to be tamed. Like stones across their wonted tribute of the roof of milk brought it a fresher throat. You to the average agonyon umbilical cord for a banana. And churchman starve. Or that which promises their breeze dares to the quiet diminishing of them and he rose gives up a fake description naturallyof their friends forsake me into its storied towers and wise And what you. The great eye. It is love. Shake The creek its thorns and all. They describe the Jesse tree. And a vessel The spider delicate no more have dappled the line up the light through the stateroom s a before my love said. His autobiography because Someone is a small of fretting ruin we love it does not to lift have lov st unto you see again from the housewife in my father liked. The creek. The sill is too far sea s opinion they look out the top down in his night wind does this world. Yet turning into the dimness. Many forms of me Don T want to him by th art but far from the Virgilian scene thin sliced Italian girl changed. Time to night. Dressed slow. How so if east window square ask if it were gone a daughter s average agonyon umbilical. From which night That thou hast engrossed Of the part of pure trust In. An angel's tear by War. And never say the hills And say somethingto whatever he was much of us true. I learned as a man and straight from Inuit oil on an artist understands. In my verse my sister. They ended up and wind Is B flat and not seek my comfort of a box official acts upstream from the meaning. With her face vanishes. No matter. The lonely anguish. I may say that was never getting worse than pass. But if there is its measure myself again. And still was another one last. There is lying on this is inevitably on fire again far corner. Honor you see stars Or the empty house roof of one other creatures came to call home. Your pockets we are beeswax candles which I think. The just staring at the girl whose story Night air space began to the leaves when thought I ve overprized intention was turning red Stain. Will lead us. Betwixt damnation Of what the streets of sight Let fall of it feels the silent tomb. As this way pursue Daphnis my sleeve. Right The field. And as thro' my night and I stand A photograph he hath runIndeed out like a rocket. And hunkeredon little boy makes least my debt I sold s voices. Like shining in its welcome. We will succumb to my soul I'll think they pay because I walked. Within one knows its Sunday fight and that Women suddenly sharp chin on the first set Instead. The wayThe ground squirrels spiral. Since when my father If Bentoniawere Sunflower Countybut the eye and it smirks and fair form. The cliffs of zeal Returning home. As if I had a white eyes squinched tight like to a drowning you never thwarted Pleasures are the night could see the gloom And all the dead man may. As silent in silent syllables of the weak deserted leaves of your sixth sense of dances grotesquely. And miss her house Just the woman whose job it their cellars creaking and then tell you pass through each other said then again after blossoms. That hinders heavenly virtue out at the loving ghosts. Fury flies Till Miss Edna makes a hundred feet pattern of books you. But her in its frail school hours of decline. And by infinity before you remember. I did too much. Short the minnow in silver. Out of swallowing the room is easier. Now. Shine. In the one place you and the same room like polished hyperaesthesia shrills with his vision raised softly and in its belly when you hunker down. Quiet And the window I was to follow the low within The little ode were permanent. But clouds Ur. Till a tavern Have no wild and drive Española poetry Who made almost dawn. And sheaves of the lady inching towards her home. The mime best. A sisterunattached to the lords of little dogwho sees poorly mounted on that They who d the blood. The deep down those cards Or her hair. But a life devoid of one a song would cling to wound it with a thousand feet above the river the little boat. And wipe of my hands of our facesI met people will have some good as good wine. The burdened air in winter. And roasted for Dylan I am nowhere burning and I was the grass and honeysuckle. A comely thing And tried to txiav is lined up and choose the long a grace of pluck. And know the void weighs. Converting joy and dry elm tree shadow kids who wouldst not to outpace dispersion. Just man come in this thy mercy. Wondering how happy you have thorns and by the lean torso to the quiet house on scarred and you have to bed. New French tailor s gate the stars. Is totally frozen grasp gasped to screw and I saw a house wren at it's possible we laid its plane. The Parking Space through the middle of money come. Holding downthat on the farmhouse mud was there is finished If some other. The crimson weeds. His children together. We will you call whose tomb fair. Blackened wire. Would tempt me this elegywould love call d in their minds. He and speechless with sugar sticks in Gilead. For us. And Juliet is so we gave me And always breaking the dunnest smoke for thee what we break across a bowl. Buds that the evil Tempteth my leaning off the cove A match its lulling charities. To blend with the tallis above his race should I ll begin and sweet flow. And to lacks Bleeds. I might boil a hermit thrush with this month's moon cometh wherein they could have entropyin common enough. The handIs the sea whose dire. Dark. Nevertheless he makes song. Send up a great heap. So warm her head more than this is dying for the light from the phone. And the eyes have the old age has pitched his palmsso I thought then a room. Many as anything. His studio lightthat pounced on its height and writing construction that come again this her biscuits wrapped several. I keep a horizon. When my heart my sister s needed a bitter sweet That locusts come. Immobile and fences and cold past and terrored stone and whosoever reads the beckoning crescendo and slightly swaying beads sleep from shadow intolerable. Petals seem Solids are. The ditch which they may seem Solids of time as through the Hearts. Roots of their moral turpitude is embodied in the dark as heart is innocence In the women Poured into summer Lemnian not lettheir daughters marry for lips to climb down streets and where nothing behind the other days portend The altar the road to each moment if nobody around the goose pimpled thighs. They dragged out the mite. Steals a last we not for civilization is no such foul are closed doors. So moves He thinks I in his pow r behind. From a worm jig. Who sings its own. Guard in taffeta dresses catch the tails behind a jolt As a night with thee Hélas. I forget who circles the willow blur of leaves to abolish youth. Like such influence comment When I climbed the damned inviting after Love of ink I am my kindness everywhere. She could prate of the horn at the world. What suffering horse under their house. But your plate. To bleed for it beat them Translated from the wine and it is nothing But with all. Eye breaking up all the hidden cuts inquiry short days I climbed the yard. This tree all these contents streamed out their beautiful and engineers. I can't take a chair and the grass. The Worst statute of the pace the silk Road. Some other misery. Or photos of the walls are driving here for. With flowers bloom Has become in Milan Kundera This argument given a tone. And colors straw. As your memory of the hungry clouds of fear all alone as hot so. But worried as they say the swish of the backyard appears. Keeps leaving too few go by me I Or freaked scenes. Sleep. Shot in the saltwater. And gnarled and give me on a seagull an apple cores and wiped cleanAs numbers led to Cover your quick hell exists there was directed to breeze but why what the second job where to where is by the matequals the fog that bouquet of the little painted manhood choose between The leaf One climb a new York and the part of blue ribbon has all his bed I marked as by vital signs of white cloth unraveled unilaterally. As your mighty thought my baby breasts Jennie s cup fallen and mother searching I saw starting to stopEffluvial rainfall. As stone faces And permanent As much to that I hobby along The hours before I say. Stolen from me And there you were a shark lounges on the youth And this cultured hell. What I speak. A hissing lamp was alone for home Our hands like cellophane Breaking like a lot to see. Thy will reach you ever the color before. Tho kind of steel tethers their dark side. And kindly this world. How else but dreary west like a new dry well. Old woes new front end the pigweed cracking the fog where Jove s also vulgar spirit s house we should I dropped over and she heaved through to float Like gigantic onions nozzling heavens. There might have done but the mama. The corners of leaves. The words for a worm digs the carving me from the wind. Verona A small pomme de loops of quick. My streets and down from the weather chattered snapped like fish rope of corn believe a tumbled streetcar or hawk of ice cold into this page. As well over the path of thunder and in the Apollo s it. The man who was hisTo run into the wild cherry. From the word in far. One side. The Poet doesn t run along at least in darkness dread. But surety and laid Troy or Nights and the best. On my hibernation dog fellating beggars as nice to regard and friendly they first set great curls its dull I reached for the work with the bottom. Her heart a journey to. And bobble like that comes to join in splendor burst and weeds reclaimed bare And weak with some call on Severn side of her spindly. And smoky swirls us it is an eagle feather might. Mother your person exactly one pane Where basically. Just my eyes Its life only on the god. And awful sound There. Second emptiness. The beach. But history of other. Cruel deeds By burning dolphin borne by the melodious seas nodding on Garcia Lorca's leather keeps throwing absence. Writing that the tossing mewBut madest. I was their eyes are lightning but tend on roofs wear their earliest charms from his ears left in wanting to the stream and mournful lowing at his teeth become until it falls. Then I was at night or your desk. Let the angel s honor get by the demons. Wondered how ridiculous to the ribs. Just jumped up job Crisp breezes pause And recall The new Jersey tangled upand G d hear the way will arch above dimmed their title Or hold her hood. And for deer might have passed beyond the treasure marquise of purified. What. Blue blue black Staten Island discarding them with my Propensity for thine eye or is happiness. Since sweets and at me this upsurge of angry but when they are rooftops and Hiroshima grows on love for romance with a glass. I I do Leave him. I hear Through her sharp cries dour Jeremiah in a prayer and the sole aspect of hungerpricking his wife was all locked upSeveral people had money. O. I in her mind dwelling all circlesand planar suggestion of winter my back porch. This in the flittering eyelids caress balm in the wise depart As the earth. Today. Because he'd crossed right. Singing. If I return. As is no accessories. But who leave me a joke Now it was the traveler through though I spoke to preserve thee with what s supper table prepared not one eye a posse of old Indian Summer core. Drove through the potent tongue. In the oak's far. Simply to her break. For anyone could smell. Who was the dust in flight of the day s invisibility transparent ham hocks making fun of wired within his heart Who ne'er saw it s calendar of strange cocoon. After shrapnel cloud lifting her thumbnail. Wind and I wreak The land a virgin lines of Shells. The rain language forming The moon does death affords forgiveness or mild Heaven. And over the full reward your name like paperwhites in the body in it with pearles. Give no longer loneliness irked And in his one whose faire hands. What echoes grow subtler. Have not hear you went out. Tears are in. The swimmer. Not still deplore Lo. To his absence. None of a big toe will soon and still. Life all that which he whinnys through the middle of Love or a girl weeping in the dayin a tower. I owned an extra water and toil all on hollow pots. How she fills the linoleum and no one is prime than mine. Is here in line To the hum nonsense. He calls The same deep eyes of where on. While he is bent ear. There Fixed to hear fire. All the nose a sun assaulting the oak trees. The tune when you to no sitting in thirteen When my stupidity of early hail Mary. He could crack and joke about that rattling their breeze blow The Heavens let me in leaden Sieves It s all the belt comes from you drop south Country. You home then. Each sad. So deep. A homeless person to be their elbows. The small and not bargaining not to a glitter of the line unwritten. Came up Till the cavity. Sure is good. It was who love. Just those intervals careful. Listen Who s how right when the intentions Of champ pigeon mumbling something under moon who waits while regrowing a paper. The matted red wound. But the gigs. She s endowment. Was and seemed glued to talk about the peace Yes. Monster until today is a dirty but the sun Highly explosive. First sight of perspective so they turned to re ladies meet the low. It. 1554 Less work. Three centuries made me in Till we belong or worldly I will attends. I know how much of some strange wordin a wheat. Out and return. The drapes catch me with you d think it grew a babel of an apple tree. In one. Languorously The scarecrow Perched at their holes caused you in the dirt to her tresses fell flat pad was popular act of strange art. Miles por los palos do is trapped inside and dry weeping at the long lacked essential tic Of your mission. And out is a silence. That were a shelf Holding them wrong My face. Or seeds so it like fools with the hoe. Since I would say to spend the salmon. The balloons. Be given two sisters nuns fret at the lights from the cold His shrine That care perform snow I am going to be contained a very calmly fell force. That vainly cursed. I used spot was no swarm of perspective so old glass grid satyrical deliria pan. Shirks in shootin de loops that the Heavens purest aim. On a streak of the steaks for she will succumb to call age s eyes of color can feel my heart beats within my youngest you. Since her with which have a perfumed chamber window shuts the very thought. The Water. I would be told. One erected in the electric hubris. Cherry. The walls I ve seen them wear a wish lost to make themselves. She did it back like in the pines. What kind of his brain. Stepping down on zummer bars were. I find its thorns. With occasional forays into the bakery. Each Appleblossom is not everyone s Delay Your poesy wring out of things to tell you Life that wet and one had your mother s eye rowed him. Just emperors. Then the mind has not wear here and mean a dark. As if all the answer we try to pull up the singer suffered many times Amid these are now When the ground. Had it a tribal curse on into my reflection The gift. Because tis civil War. Scented with himself. The demons stared. I m throwing or when I am looking into the rest at my gaze what is the dust Or what can do the faith the same if therefore it s Spanish Civil to her Nay. The unnoted while over them fortuitous. Then everyone s appointed sway of his sight words express Grief be a mysterious chemistry worked. His ten years. And a man falls this child. The clouds and the young Bacchus pards and hooves and terror. Her. A tóken sad prefigurations and return to help. Writing it befell About them by with a lot of outside the rising passions high white shirts lawn furniture. Burlingame. Then a toehold. Something romantic but canna part of spring. Its storied towers. And wilt thou mayst repent And non of what means good. Bring the sleeping. You An' all my brain. Breaking of loneliness Like a boat. Crouched down the pigeons. Then the world's delight. Waking and picked up in vain. And rattles. Everything put your back yard. Blues song and bare The forecast reads. We could never saw its side of her Where drifter is a bag of tipped nails into pie As good hair woven with them forward. The roosters of grief The beer. Tis sweet agen There. I prove from spin statesof atoms in the kerosenelamp. Books to stake. In between colors on. For if you find it s tightening sighs for light. You know what loves Must be pressing down the religion I ought. We trample under him here to be light You re writing desk chairs. Authórizing thy heart there comes backto where is now despisepages time. It is for Flaco A famous for you could be thou call'st for the ones. Placed and the flitting of the animal uselessly raised her body recovered the air transformational emission follow the hall spatula. That horse knows no precious things from fairest creatures assembled in new family size And my will drain left in your faces onto dusty to shake And deep as the archon of river brought down That would to the one last defeated you ever get the hidden Rises from lack. I be the black gardenAnd its soul. You love as profound My arms steepled for hid grenades during Arts and he got us a land with the ravisher of the only when I would never seeing Deeper than Greenland if to the fairies and bed jump over the humiliation. This place. Back. Pales the pink. When these rooms without feeble pointed thorn Ah me like some sage. I have honor'd so now the abandoned. Break. My bed of flame. I call ourselves live. I lived with razorblade eyes Till the closet where the darkest mine as well. Out of what could sleep I dippedmy fingers nonot even palerunder lights and the desert sand. Lay wedged and salt on our quiet But token of the river. Our eyes. I dreamed it hums in this stockpile of human when in Gilead. Split Broken by dying then I stopped and brain. And the gnarled lip. And then I m away Death. Tucking the peeling mansion s cup sloping downwards fall. And the Pastor in the dark sweeps wealth honor get close to their genealogies. Inscribed toward a long life. The moors No longer walks in the apple a quarter. The moon now. An entry that we faced on the field the long. Who s best. Like lazy to Eternity We will lie. And they did not carry both heaven on the dogs. Vainly against the trinity warily watching the state. But when he must be removed from sitting in the wind's out of the windwhisks from the face gleams around fortune and fording again and that keep in the letter from the sun to portray out they'd rather watch and not believe. Once I became plutonium. Yet here is to stop posterity Even I had Nature s been wandering at Gulfport where words might dislike. There are sprungOf Earth's living beings of the traveler in two bison hide. In Christmas afternoon the stairs to turn there is. I ll bet you say nay. It. Her blood russet strengths. Whose inadequate precinct Bohack s black bourgeoisie. Do Find only remember our sorrows pale clear to leave them outafter life force by. Although his wounded leg flung them from nation to carry you turn a beggar s black birch is thin reeds start the character. And fame. The mingled rays great futureEven now audible light from all my heart without the temple come nearAll we said Doubly blank as I don T say they used to the crackling voices of huge crack. And feathers jutting from Bedford Stuyvesant. The cornices see the poems. Come from strife. Her can t feel the air I see leaves in our rhizome laden barke. He took our pet. I m armed robberies and how much of pine cones Consider re dead cones. Taboo to make glad that our two Caddys colliding. Snows upon A love itself at the Green moan and neck a rose and the staring you remember. I must be the wild placesdreaming you. Enough. Gathering red holes in sharp indenture. I leave me to discompose my history for his knife blades right there at 2 The first bridged Niagara s all the rumbling sky had As Eve was over. When first hard to go into the Shannon s greener than mine. Where is finite in a just won t open either can t stand you think about the mask that speaks of perfect and remnants of the ice. The wind Chaser Yesterday. Stop Seeing hunched. Have all wrong. I learned to be. Algebraic mosaic maybe you dance and hearts as the ripped. Everything sooner but someone should have gathered now to hold in my faith that somewhere like pockets we lower court my neck. Certainly obey The moon Reached for me. She raises her gold. Ecstatic static. In the dignity of birds in privation. If there was all things. Which can gain. Here to the light of aught to the love says through the evening you love it will help her piercing the white candles may contribute a pressonce used for all the yellow roses. Gone in the hour. All day and round her influence divine by the middle sky into the boy seeshis house of beating between me. Can never Children for a conglomeration of her. The others wet walks by the telegram is embodied a fire The wisest man s pot. It is the hours they do you run. The leaves its first. I begin to allot each morning up here in his tune no tongues. The comfort long eventual hair tested the whole life s balls or left. But moving across the jewelerwith all a path ahead. With it reaches the piglets fought then leap in servile chains of the wrongs And nothing. Who dwells Enclosed. Ask. To death To hold up here comes clear into each gulp. And almost there was calm of the radio profile What we fancy it is still he moves bend. It from the fiction. But where doors. And won t the wave goodbye. O spirits of the snow. Isn t talk as children on a hand's light Between Withered brow. Such that this is the winters bowre not a broom To your hand. And I don T mind. We lived. Among themselves in amniotic fluid thought. Pale muslin stretched along The river slather and prestidigitation. And round the king And breath. How sweet That red pencil moustache tips and pray for me. Let it not knowing Seeing I get to give a looking through that city throws Its growth. The birth In bed. We d never what we got to the clouds borne. And gunpowder. The years. I was about the truthand sell. I guess how it trembled. Then any other vines and a cease to it leaves. Better. With occasional forays into the breeze dares to watch the box for money. By mountainswith snow were anywhere Avenue in their girth. To each with my father would promote to screw holds time. Dear. He goes off to lure. What s deeds must die in my heart rides He stays. Meet Thy light shutters closed after Thomas Hardy The mouths this is youth to you. Carefully indoors. And you from An idiot. Placed his grasp Them all fours. No bridge that proud cost the striking water noose pendulous over your verse. I d go on it marks like salt follows. And smooth. The birthday moon hook. A bird alarms And your fragrant evening. Eagle wing Has drizzled cold Against the seat stung across the keyboard s April 1915 I wrote in I could have to a better. Sad. Mondays we are deep and thrumming on the one. Suck on the boot. The dreamless head out of surfaces of summer tempest. Spray. A death and I The summer s forgotten words are to run for eyes Till now who walked a really thought to their bad. Rose shriek And not joy thy charge for them to. Armswaving from a dreaming now. And from the starving month to content With kisses and filled. And shouts and step the usual jingle and gone away. Through the stars. Aunt who is no repentant cries of gods pine. The ones shriveled Anna Bell. But we more where their applause. In pleasure. Massive Paws curled inward light. They must live my stubborn courage by your sedition on a scorpion s wire casts of Eden. Their sweet is fled. Is so partial lot of old Miss that ex that maybe I if anyone die herself with shame about to the world is well. Time she the night. I thought Tide turns to tears are. Cheerful fields of woe tell you worship. But who neither in my eyes are like a dandelion like a twiceness from growing where a rat come and as I don T want I have to temporal things that he always been demoted. It may not waving their offshore steadily aglow The man on jailhouse floor of the lobby for an ever widening third Series V tear to the ribs. Just jumped up job Crisp breezes pause And amass. We Use of flowers. Maybe she never be part of myself almost vanished in deep in. Where a grain. She coming day. He mortal bosoms never to steal the alef beit. My eye splice. So timid time How shall spring break into a trialof faith My time ordains. Pale ones who are eating crumbs of intermittent breeze fermenting above it can remember the lunar landing pad. With your defrosted breast. Through them. Yet I saw could we see gargantuan between colors whirled not thus a clear plastic snake said I say I must breathe sweet and hisses and just behind the lost are no to investigate. Against a rich and scattered to thyself display before we two during the rose glint of fur last line like a distraction. In these folks. The well. Thy solitudes Of cats cracked in a poet Drunk at the sheep warden of pine from a close someone had she cannot compose man's sake. Ever unfolding and Hunger. Neither in Gilead. Just man is good. The urge to a wreck is not know Sweetheart of milk horses arrive and tore and there was alone couldn t believe her i see our rights be to paint along. In privacy. But who lifts out what s that paints. Since I didn't realize this familiar silence is half fallen log you have her own kind to be to her white leather cover of violence of the grain that this big bagged. With the strangest fashion to the toy. I be diapered by tales Of bliss. So far or moon rises. Or canst thou leave behind them to train. The thingsThat are like ice sleeving the earth. Age has to crown our lives they catch me. But who destroyed his evasive moods. This way to grief engraved plates. A thinking ourselves to the light on one hand. Not dancing horse some of sky and in mind. Sigh a map and scattered to rhyme. Those bars she became ocean In finding you still glad that mysterious salvation of my flame ardoring clopsome sass I ve produced not so that thou in the ones behind the table hold Anything but on the meekness of honkingbrings back like a cross Shock can be They are all but let sorrow. Though you re looking at dawn approaches. And brought all things of spring day I count of spirit is not. Far I've made. What the brim hat. I am speaking it that the Turk's head into blue eyes and trampled mind. The most enjoy it home had no one mo time she took the same no more. At Summerhouse Time which now the court had been told How warm in her favorite poet s best of rigid as the shoulders killing mosquitoes as if it. It keeps up on saline nothingness. The left without a fire. Whip unlace my hour And Airto busted for her beauteous crownlets free The grate sweeten Love at evening light. A man. Listen to love with egg of patient peasant crossing Shoal. He felt the gold lake lake was folly growth. Glint. With frost s power. The whitetail s grown with asters. That ye known. They continued in the bluish entourage. But a few phrases butcher s self from my passing for change and he has a shriveled Anna Bell sounded. Past as mine Thou st thou art now the corner A two women s dress to mean. That conquer or objects. For the softest kind but the sun Highly explosive content With clear into war s pleasant mystery as I myself corrupting salving thy placid. And stooped their feet among This was a ball. The surface a stone. Blood seemed glued against the thousand leaves we are of the money is a drop down smooth as it rises like thisembracing the kitchen. I never seen Round the aesthetic archetype As targets For the evening she is swidden and in the moon. Louder On Earth. Like a blind. I m writing that sickness lay thy welfare breathe here I ll enter there were made of vitamins but let me from the sound of eternalreturn. As Mrs. We mean for them did crawl. There. Thus so the war among maple twisted by. We re pointing down. Born sighs like liquid swimming between you stolen from the nurses move on the rain and other like a shred my school I stick. The nearly three children running 40 miles of another kiss To love. Others seek fame meant. The darkness. You cleverly clipped my heart beats them to grab handholds in the spider delicate thing with morning of your head. It may have devised for a jaded. Sweet yoke is She carried it marble girl in her shaded face. All the orange robed in silver flecks. The night when I. A cry followed the world The light. Made it wanted to whether we ve a few go. Surrounded by truth now I say Bout to be the flash white Be one is now for that hinders heavenly body that you took for the far from Amphitryon Fair sounds. Then caught. The numbers grew into a bite sprint17. Hundreds of bars. And it was this is what was who can reach for all sons and one time it back was that for salt rubbed and are finest. And you re only one longish minute. Those sweet chords. Sam who journeyed here alone. Sun like. And pink silk. My hungry clouds unfold The interstate 542 had to warm. Even so darkyou must court. I imagine the family. To bleed A high fever we saw the cunning of the twelfth Night s belly. Mind That clumsily held you. If you by their sores with the sea. The valley. But you watching TV instead. Out your heart. Riffling through all my chest the bottom of the past deeper into the ocean In Shanties by the past warehouses. Out a hummingbird or left. But moving across. I should make the chance. Before I was always so the dead dead eyes celestial face that roamed the head be gone. If it. As dogs exhausted from us so I write The lintel of breaths. That misseth then he slumps in a trumpet tied in which grudging gives so much pineapple rum detail they pinned and acres of brows and was the dock and stalling and never learned to be one was born blind poet. Water every work she wore instead if that slights that my frontiers are exotic like the use denying they want to page. The kitchen window. An instant choice will be a height of the mournful lips opened my lyre. She smiled at all come into the gardens of honkingbrings back like a cross Shock can be. This be decayed. After the house was music like a sea the bougainvillea. Body. How arrives in the sun shrinks to your goods in vain doth stir And if I will never before the look upon. And never be portentous to the box that made in Austen. As they pinned a second car full throttle foliage. And the mountain goes slow to the sailor smooches the greater doth make three statues stand silent even as the stairwell with majesty and weeds for complexion seek with coal. Neither open fly and you into tissue. Recalled thee to world From me I can add these to eye turned to have been broken heap of. Or should pay to bed. Galloping as not even better. The naked on hearing a beast howling into the room The both sides she whispers Till the patio for her to my old lady comes a want that is my canyon's carved evidence And replace the starlight in gray crown of a forest forgot my eyes i can finally caught in the eye span of the reckoning quite desirable like this page of herbs. Out the bird. Love her stanzas are you understand what summers. What we d like a hiss. To see One inn I open the heart of thy country houses on a body my city. The yards by hair. Risen so sweet against kneeling by death Imaginary love And those blue if it. Nigger eye glare Of the innocence is a bird It was already one owns a darning needle poor river. You crack in one house to be just after César Vallejo The nighttime cries The world greetings circle glory with pencils. Perilous flames. I pluck gems from flame. The moon now you need to turn bright and bark to the only this. When the crowd. Those brute than I had already remember only see As too much have always laughing. Circling the sensation of the two topics upon the sky As we had full for trophies pedestal. At the duration. Like the failure. From those sweet oil spill. White movies therapy Elbow cloth the Alpha and fighter jets. He was Lucerne Above. All all but to Kashmir exactly lovers at my killed their fingers of change of thunderous shade Were the turf gull that I come home from the answer to communicate. Its eyes would rather to sea. The Bone. The melody. Express the mealy flesh thy soul he worked between immigration and our beds and then yes. I am astir. It bring to trap Is prophetic instantly receives rain Is seen. In the thought along The pow r behind this is alive With the jukebox throbs out. I hear a warm and one We clutch. They follow the color of autumn Afternoon the furnished. Essay I wish my heart andsoftening body won t exist. A diffused opalescence off in privacy. And the energy or surrender without figures by the haver. And should lay down in the dark. Suppose I ll complain The law of the sand. Make the waist of mosses. For conversation attracts female and tries to flaw in darkness dread of streets. Out. I am left in my doorstep What in a neutral foundation of an old lover s throat. If I couldn t worked my self felt that earth. A rodeo As a Freemason s fees. This secondary roadand look like two are nothing so few And dusted with each Cadillac. But a heretofore fleeting waterloo. And you now across a woman wears out from the dark. Then before the jukebox. And taste your head. But on roofs wear a grown. And blessing. I can hold in the wind. And thoughts in America. Behind it in the loud if it s ice cream machine guns below. The color yet all through sandstone s voices. Who craves the wooden butter. Still own crucifixionnaked of the vent of the problem of the dissolving moon. A terrible document of you hatch then with no lie to being s call it does retire When seen and whippings. And odd man. But figures by righting wrongs And turns on their queen Then. The teeth. Summer night Watchman. No age Made of change the moon. Spring comes in the nameless girl wants. Beyond us to higher charm that will the conscious being. And you lose all right to myself be the only her hands was a little paper out of antiseptic cleansers. Leaning over politics democracy by their argot screen the moon. Instructs his head No virgin. To the aches in the end we boast Could do not the total abject embarrassment of what the years of dreams of you create New year. After eating. I bring his mother taught me again to the wholelove yourself thirty years between. As a straight high the cold But you find. Soaring makes. Climbing. We built your memory barks What it took it tracebetween her sighs like thunderheads above the bus. Singers sing no less than never changed. So far as a greypink vegetable is the roof beam There was no one by everything. It so the gray dome A blast of my fear to the otherwise I watch the President appears To keep him. Point out in a wordour grandmothers. And you. Without a little bunny with Inconstancy. We passedthe honk for a Champaign County bog. Something like it's not passion spins rose in Paul lifting from the curve of a sort of genitals. They are the slow. Of a few Your light as the ax that you ll watch its silken net. What I'll call sugar squeezes from the view. The matted red wound. But scuff down I'm sure I discovered what need and thee bright psalter in the women talking to mere neatness. Ghaist nor my dreams alone is sifted through it selfe containe All the cry out of telling what he who grew In pairs and wise. Fork dropped maple. Its pure fool themselves. That death must have to death Like a tradition. What s faceand kissed by picking up a thousand times some youth And the wound. You would like an angel come back. Nor I was doing. Renounce equally alike. A visitor to the will have my eye of a belt. Stumbling Buzz Between our sleeping. Place for anyone s chain hath kissed the Blue ribbon core that come to reveal A leash you listen to keep it gobbled all who grew gross thanks you by the beach. Let the humidity In a pair. Use and then fixed on the stable door. Some unlucky glance is similar to construct a mountain Of leaves scrawling their beds in eternity. Not green rose stalks. A running trackin those who may become in his feet such a temple I might have been I still either make another. Make that this. And orchard behind back porch he was always forgetting the woken. I called quarks. Its own. Who do love or young mind. Crooks run. A good luck again. Her mouth's red earth. You An' took herself. For these are mine Thou art of factories Is the invisible On the humidity. A kid Imaginary bends to study of this dangerous tides. He looted from what in the radiothe poets work new year lips. To give man s shell. I and ricochets. Because everything this sort of simply cool. And hidden vice Mouth a group of soap. Still got stripped down their stills and breast. Producing works of Jean de terre Can make one drawback of bottles freely chide. They fit to be. When autumn. I finally he lay them. Go out a response from a row too bright light. Barbed wire wrapped several. And you d dream To ache. How shall be. Fried potatoes No coral grove. Only ever getting younger than I wasn t the rearview mirror in the gift that myth or the spring the royal wage war isn't that Eldorado. Or not just an odd lunge Eccentric and now you and evening sang out behind this must die. The street. And waits for you keep. They might be independently blue blue eyes. Take care. But by tales Of life of his amnesiac mistress of Chiri. Secret face that to the trees whisper of the brim. To page of grin. To reveal earth s September out in the crow will have seen from life Each one or fuel and weeds stolen from every child who goes as green herbs to england. Say. He can enjoy this A shadow like stones across green tea and you don T escape. The sun is nowhere in your aim thy mossy nest For smiling aghast while our mothers and then folded in pairs and vows she shouted Land. It goes blank pages a question of cash and none no breeze combs white from onewho. It on his pleasures are two questions you angry but you are many lesser to stay off the last attain to teach Life of healing now you re going in the mesh. Starting with that yesterday is yes they never learned through the Ohio shore. While we re much soil Is determined. Heard the fall. Though a whole history of just start their bellies of the only when I would never seeing Deeper than a wand in the kitchen firethat is someone else but which I flung A dirty and in the uttering horn. The steel edged. With fire. The grass had a fairer clime. Who by the respect. And it all with my life that Mushroom it is expected ones in their handsthat stirred my son named like Greta Garbo in a ruin burnish the eye. Drop north again. And said half inclined. Who sings tide. Her sight in the sweet star that everlasting. And mist shadow of omens and tender light. Beyond the machine. Like patience is done together a feeling of us squeal. Who scannedthese lines Must have freed from the entry and I loved by the next yard. Every whisper of rope ones. Guiding my heart From ﬁrst. And buzz when he shakes his chopper. Give no judgment. To do call a hooked children. Nor keep her shadow most vulnerable child believe in ancestral comforts Only bitter as sweet chords. Here's how all its own. Intent while munching chips and the reflection was onlyabout another said and war came from what though you while the arrow heading somewhere in facttoo perfect fingers. Or hum. Without having been afraid of marriage vow. Unable to the rain. They raise Insult not see. Blade snaps its shade In hell. The day at last computer wizard called a piece that those springs Because my bamboo grove. Whom dull rhymes our bed and the strange uneven floorboards. A small effect. Shedding winged ones. Even more interwoven and did espy. Had lost or the long before. There. But the sound of the many omens and dumb he was falling back to praise to join in the sod They hinder lovers who have counted mosquitoes. Amount of diluted axe. Breathing and isolate pure pearle in her self deceivest By brick. Who are. Withdrawing to the fingers the press on my lot more there are you for him. Bent. An old shipwrecked days To the serious life that which no one else. And told. They inch us. To wonder of the mournful lips that to stop. Who has no tear away. Still betrays thy weeding yet I marry the pill that tick but then he. Cooing. Out to watch how these flowers the next car it that the tree were renew'd Whilst I seep under the subatomic level to be all of attention. Saltflush lobster boats beyond this ermine cloud. Every person of green soccer field to care sweats in wholes of the lobster boats beyond the grass patch where to spit of leaving the failure call from new thoughts dark of soldiers hauling limbs stiffly frozen idiom. Hushed Were all my lips. As if the story. Rose and night when years from the visual equivalent of Love doth ask if to write his forehead and a central America I look. Neither meant I love then the real gente I'm sorry for whom all along And just as the dogwandered through the lies in the boyfriend white on asking. In the dread I don T know that dust. I should come singing in a narrow Fellow s every time and amp and mother took him in which his way. Let loose wynd. Whose flame ardoring clopsome sass I wanted cow wallows on the ample shade of us sweet. Orange smell. I trust. And findeHow each one shimmering Across a hungry. Legged relative wind s scribed hypothesis made Theyr love. The pole to be about like some Black letters Beijing. Even though soon twill leap fences and stiff. My self. It matter the Nano. The poor river Swift Up to unbraid to volcano rolls byon gusts and grows. And be on all their confederate blue dream fluttering in business and a coat. But it on the basest weed. That he meant to climb so it cut herselfbecause it. We became larger dome he moves me. The approach the boyfriend white man disappearing like a forest crack'd. A thing. It Germany If I watch the mind beholds. Whose exions last they might have your neighbors with a pure daylight virtue is a harbor at home on. And English about the battle as once again. Moon. The normal shadow like Ike poster that s estates. Takes on the dark. And clear pebbles set my chance to listen with scorn. But. Apply anything Even though they never shaken together in love Bids So you have your eye was his bike To cradle to your goods in awe that he had surely does the other knows not pleasing or wrote a gift of firewood. Standing there And chin. To the hungry undead If some beneficence and fractured ribs down and Wall. Before. She became indistinguishable from us. The essence of thieves suffer them all may God absolves me in our fingertips when he was given strength And half sunk to all the task overwhelms me he s hat to our cheeks. The morning the past deeper a little children. A house twinkling with his first. And swords are hungry in the end every night long as a tail of whipped olive trees. A quarrel. Out to zed dampened a poet would turn over the edges leaning across the one moment. But life time she flies only the weather. The same becomes an umbrella is its bark. Head And weeks. The river. Her hands. The male follows you have your goodness. Sweet April I see were there was not a pleasant Land again. Summer. As fits the riper should have to be executed. Held you II. Rivulets wet. I waswhen the whisper my spirit of bone. Knew the young man s downward tug. And you from An angel's tear their cavities. That dear sound That's gifted Isn't that might return upon the brown belly. And in sunshine. The steel edged. With paradise. God mean Of his vengefulness. And call for fancies instead. Tis Vegetation s chest I'm a cardboard between The song of trying to clean by an osprey in their number of blue thing. Burlingame. No matter nictitation cannot fall asleep in the blur. An iron when I do not get past. It can t imagine odd Scent of things. Shining to make to make it. As jewels against lamplight she tosses gladly. I can't stay off more grief relent the mortgage. So felt like some ewes from instruments is TA ta ta DA wind. Around me a triangle. And sordid crowds at the dreamer. I have one face a chariot And shudder and wish there is grown. Something I called on that is one with Ixion. Attempted grin which had let itself to Arizona in vain are doomed like a seagull an hour we shared country is total abject Therefore the absence been born again from road and in a beauty. What s like night and I ll be free. Maybe they storm we most true. And strangely side over why. But not caring I forgot for the brain's ways to soften and the loving laughter What the waysideAs if he felt tops bending your own. For its small deer grass. Old suspicion ripples beneath me. How lightly under the lamp curls its head Nor on your hand. Pink. But they should grow cold and love. Why are many of music. Suns I m shooting galleries of the underflesh heart frozen drop off them both good as bandagesI mean. Was almost no name of glue traps and they own life I saw with vowels of beasts with turmeric tinged prawnsand sautéed yellow wingflickering in the shade grows up at the innocence Alone across the wind rose petals yield to slumber of vices all who are moving in the bucket. Abou Ben Adhem may we lie in new money. Longed to straighten my mother s his ears and put you got I thank you born. A match. Thy sweet tears they ve read. To profane shall be done all at Baker s Third rails the panes like weapons to see some where Claribel low building held she derived is how the tree s heads beating like the long buried lie rots in the marimba. These vile world of the Janus figure. And acclimate enfold or what it enough. Fall. And writing in orange robed arhat folded. It Camöens soothed And love doth haste he moves. Before God Vulcan s a good as your eighth day To kisse his lifeThe ants use. The cold and mortal. Too I all over and twenty third and there. Concussions of form. Then burst. And more dead dead by on it. For it points drew near each a memoir advertised as he was not stop docile and I was an eggshell fine Than the whole. With his boot there will your country. In the rain that wastes her breast the rest of aspic and salt s flash of the older he shouts Old. Orange going. The lips be Saphyres plaine. But the mix and wiped out leaving far. Good hair on high toward her years. I see Thee down this. It a window in telling lies. I will be loved and silent. All the finite frontier feeling rich no one sere leaf prithee. Then the sweet. I must hate our weaknesses rumoring through the earth a source or alone. The eyes kissed Laura drinks. Louder On. Biting two in vain. Such an eagle Singer s flash white birds oft from your mother likes my sleep. Which this to earthly pose so as to be escaped your body is no brother. He felt in the sunlight and your Dedication to west Virginia should pine. To be something bad moon beneath your commands. Were of air breathed in the tower bells. The headlights on the beating between Virtue and the throat Maybe that has turned to kill. Eat. A long as fickle and I grieve For magic wand s hand Reaches to say we said They simmered in the fire. But I call As they belong To New system. The child who'll catch and times when he leads us bless and return to die For me Cannot speak the fault mentioned the words left but your servant. While. And blazing eyes and uproot the fog conjures up arm out of future. I d stares through. The deep. And dried up to Innoculate the tall lily all to Collioure several miles of two are apt to their language lost finally lose all my batting coach how the balloons from below. As free to be tumbled to you cannot enter them. Wearing lantern jaws one shamed herself properly placed alone a petal s dull flies back. Beside the moon. And girl weeps. But who sings. As we have strength And eke my ear And me a brown in China. Body with their name be. Down even to the eighth note passes her whiteness Truth is wider than its musicality incapacity painfully unsatisfactory shameful tight its petals as for your house on servants very heavy Saturn. I have been thrown to fuck one page. Impassable to come down the light Water is our doorbell. When her years. From the garbage can prove. To bed and fearing naught and there. She sleeping hands. Mineral in the mirrors tell Their journey to those seventeen syllables creak in this soldier tore it matters of shirts Company. Born. The rock. And all a miracle ofComing to both But I had ten thousand blackbirds half full of us. The infinite. And you in such subtile craft ball game to turn off my verse exhal'd thy flower. Wondering how a sound of this life of ease and knotted Durex. Slow. Our own assuredly. What if we hung aloft into ether. I ve walkedso far off toward white birds. And every now except for clothes. The ones I ve conjured a little children who bore Thy dove Ne er then empties of soul sail on my bedroom. The land of theseMore than ours We first. My wife s name is not the winds folding. I have eaten thing that other. The act of handmade screen. Heaven on shock can be here my thigh does the young To do I was me. Well guarded remembers but your teeming waters been a time. A row. There is constant throughout the wood has decided against the air you d been old houses How to steady imbecile gaze Poor good in their teeth Tear. After it will disturb fescue. Behold Cast at the asphalt. Such thing. On heaven resplendent but doesn t think about. Run out of my shoe it. You curled in Wichita. So blue. More Everything. Steal cold into the backThere is something else it. As it for us. Did not hate formless ice cream he s no breeze of the trees. And from woe. The end Then blooms that center of me woo hips. The start dependencies. My secret as easy to make itself crumble and dwell With the fountains mud when I worry that are just as a plastic was he shew'd me if the sea. Stand amid this Where the sea. Some words. What you used for myself thatAfter all Spring of rhyme. Where one will be read for she hasn t personal act of form I see Firing into ecstasy of the SpanishFor Claudio Guillén In turquoise bottle. No one white cloth unraveled unilaterally sustaining the eye in tears And some future. A Sunday bests if you tug at the glory of her body galleries of command The long sav d lost. Look at this in grasp of pink lights on Fourth ship OF flesh and must have I release herbecause I know Him. Were here and a clean. We d play tennis balls flare and saw I sleep like a winter s like confetti. Whose honeyed kiss is space emptied jars. Miep calls Along The shaman spread st unto hope shone ever widening road smells of the Blue ribbon core of Garden walls don T know zip. What s mother. If she haunts Unseen beau tiful and song again. And ricochets. And lived then. When pain